Sunday, October 27, 2013
Welcome to chaos central
They were out last night for a work reunion in the city and Auntie Fi gallantly stepped in to keep niece and nephew occupied and entertained, plus I had my grandson for a sleepover while his daddy was working.
Sunday, October 20, 2013
My baby bought a motorbike...
My husband tortured me by making me sit in the car with him and follow behind our youngest son as he ventured onto the road for the first time today.
Sunday, October 13, 2013
New kid on the block
There's a lot of opinion in my house these days. I have to yell to be heard some days and then some days I just don't bother. But then, she who remains silent on occasion, also sometimes has the last laugh...
Recorded at FMX 2017, this is the Foundry workshop about Nuke Compositing. Enjoy and thanks so much for watching.
Tutorial on matchmoving with nuke’s cameratracker, exporting to maya, inserting animated dinosau, rendring in maya, and then comping it in nuke. The imagesequence is from some age-old maya-live training material. The dinosaur is by Harry Gladwin-Geoghegan (downloaded through Highend3d/creativecrash)
Deep Compositing was introduced in NUKEX 6.3. Here Robin Hollander takes us through Weta Digital’s ground breaking use of the technology on Rise of the Planet of the Apes. If you’re a bit confused about the benefits of Deep Compositing, this video shows them very clearly. It will leave you itching to get cracking with […]Sleep, it existed, but in the godforsaken hours of the morning when the moon shone bright so did the creative storm in his godforsaken head. Four hours and the chaotic tones of his alarms would be dragging him to life as the same questions would haunt him ‘Why?’ or more precisely ‘Why did life fuck him over?’
His laptop was taking a small ice age to boot up, despite the fact he only needed one bloody program to work but just like his genius brain it never seemed to work when it was most needed, the piles of paperwork and crap that had just been propelled across the depressingly cluttered floor with an angry kick a fitting testimony to the ageless anger it summoned from within. The pointlessness of all those pieces of paper matched the idiocy of a creative genius without the confidence to showcase his work!
Another rage fuelled fist impacted the wardrobe door, venting an unnoticeably small portion of the endless wrath that propelled the second fist, the same endless wrath that led him to the arms of his many demons. That was when the sinking sweet sensation of depression wasn’t there to void the burning suffering that defined his very reason of living.
Should life ever match the seemingly ill-fated attempts to fix his flawed psychology, who knows where he could be with his life, for a blatant start the poison that dwelled deep in the fractured psyche he called a brain would thankfully be out of a job!, the demons would no longer consume his energy as he sunk all his efforts solely into barely successful attempts to keep them in check.
Oddly enough he was again feeling the urge to feverishly cut open his wrists and cheat life of the even slower, more painful death that he seemed condemned to, but knowing life he would survive with the scars so people would ask about them all the fucking time. He was an optimist, honest!!
Having resumed its normal service the laptop’s brightly lit screen with filled with the dark and depressive logic that spilled onto the soon to be hidden away word document, the clinically clean apartment and saintly image he flogged to the masses had no place for such forsaken writings.
The secrets he kept buried of his sub-human nature were at odds with the smiling faces and clenched hands of the couples that looked so fucking happy, the laughter that could be heard from ‘normal’ people that echoed like a banshee’s cry in the hollow void he inhabited.
Three hours before the world would demand the false smile, homed over years watching the fluffy bunny types swan around in the ‘joy of living’, for him it was more agonizing than been roasted alive, in fact that fate seemed more preferable on occasion! His true smile having been seen by so few nobody knew just how much of an act it was that he put on.
He watched the screen fade out to a comfortable black, now acting as a mirror so he could see the socially awkward, emotionally repressed and sheer wall of depression reflected back, an apt portrait of his true feelings towards everything this world represented. At least now he could find a little peace in the hopefully nightmare free sleep he must have earned by now.
And the next time the creative storm would hit, maybe it could be at a more civilised bloody hour!
And if you found that uplifting message of hope bringing a spark to your blackened heart I would recommend this other positive post I wrote: A forbidden post, an emotional glitch, forced to repeat 03-08-15,Mouna Ragam 03-08-2015 Polimer Tv Serial Online,Mouna Ragam 03-08-15 Tamil Serial online,Mouna Ragam 03/08/2015 Today Episode Online,Mouna Ragam 03-08-15 15th August 2015,Watch Mouna Ragam 03-08-15 Polimer Tv Serial Online,03-08-15 Mouna Ragam Watch Online,Mouna Ragam Serial August 2015 Of 03
© 2018 Tamil Serial Today - All rights reserved. Powered by Novavideo- Trading
NYSE Euronext surges on bid speculation
The share price of NYSE Euronext rose more than 5% yesterday amid speculation the world's largest stock exchange group may bid for a US energy exchange.
NYSE Euronext traded up 5.5% to $82.11 a share while the IntercontinentalExchange, potentially a target since the energy exchange lost its battle with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to acquire...
To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign InAnother interesting article over at PreCentral
Palm webOS on a Desktop? Foleo Redux?
Just call me Berd.
seems like they running a VM not a true OS
--
Palm SDK on GNU/Linux possible :
That article, and the post you responded to, were from last February. It was nothing but rumor mongering then, and it's less than that now.
Bob Meyer
I'm out of my mind. But feel free to leave a message.Prepared motions for the Malang High-School Open Challenge 2012 in Indonesia.
ASEAN
1. THW substitute US military base with ASEAN military base
2. THBT Reproduction Health bill is only a society myth
3. TH still distrust government of Myanmar in general election result
Legal & Ethic
1. TH support offensive public service advertisement
2. THBT PETA promotion on animal protection through porn is unethical
3. THBT the distribution of porn content by third-party is liable to be punished
Indonesia
1. TH regret the ratification of Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty (CTBT)
2. THW ratify Rome Statute
3. THBT the candidacy of mass media owner as president is premature
Education & Psychology
1. THW impose mental health institutes to provide Biopsychosocial Model Therapy
2. THBT psychological test as a requirement to enter university backlashes with the idea of education for all
3. THW say 1,7% quota for “special need” kids is not sufficient to accommodate their needs of educationThank You B Strong Ride Participants! Feb 8, 2017 Posted By: Boulder Community Health Yesterday B Strong Ride's Paul Balaguer and the Boulder Cancer Fighter’s board presented a check to the BCH Center for Integrative Care. (Photo credit: Mike Lazlo). Thank you for all that you have done on behalf of 370 patients that received 2,200 treatments in 2016 at the Center for Integrative Care at the Tebo Family Medical Pavilion, much in part supported by the funding from the B Strong Event. Your compassion allows our providers to address the needs of the whole patient – taking care of the mind, body and soul through massage, acupuncture, reiki and nutrition. Your thoughtfulness allows our patients to embrace each day with a renewed purpose – helping to reduce the stress, pain and anxiety as they move through challenging medical treatments. Your commitment is improving wound healing, reducing the need for pain medication, shortening hospital stays and reducing symptoms resulting from chemotherapy and radiation therapy. None of this would have been possible without all of you – THANK YOU for your tremendous support of BCH. With deep respect and gratitude, Grant Besser BCH Foundation President Read more about how the BCH Center for Integrative Care is making a difference to cancer survivors in our community. Previous NextTaken
Object Lesson 1: Never let a 17 year old girl travel ALONE to Paris
Object Lesson 2: If you are traveling outside the country DO NOT give out too much information about your vulnerabilities.. Like, hey, we’re 17 and staying ALONE in Paris at this apartment that we brought you to by cab!
Object Lesson 3: Do not piss off an ex operative for the CIA played by Liam Neeson by taking his daughter. Death is soon to follow… A painful one at that.
EDIT: MY FAVORITE PART
Sheik holding daughter in front as a human shield: “We can make a”
Liam with 9mm: BLAM
Sheik: Falls dead from headshot
Ahhhh….
You hit the nail on the head with your observations! The movie was alright…I didn’t think it was anything special.
The Cinema Hub
2009/01/31 at 01:25
Not special, but, it hits the spot.
crabbyolbastard
2009/01/31 at 02:03
Sounds like the kind of popcorn movie I’d probably enjoy- when it comes out on DVD. I can’t stand theaters any more.
Did you hear about the massive DNS attack on the Web today?
Neither did I- I was offline.
Sunfell
2009/02/01 at 03:13
It was very good actually, in a pulp shootem up revenge kind of way. I actually have it on a dvd at present *shh* Huggybear gave it to me yesterday along with other films that I will watch tomorrow as I hate football.
On the DoS, nothing on the wire here about it but I just had a outage here for about 40 minutes about an hour ago. I thought it was my router but did the troubleshoot and it was the service. So, whats the story?
Someone using that BIND vuln?
crabbyolbastard
2009/02/01 at 03:22We had two cats. One,
a tuxedo, you rescued
in Providence. We
named him Horace. He
had a long Twitter career.
Inconsolable
you were when he died.
Though a cat, he cared for you
faithfully, you’d say.
The second survives
you. I envied how she dared
to nibble your toes
while you were sleeping.
You had adorable toes, not
to mention ankles
and legs and yes the
most beautiful bush which you
taught me how to love.Details
Nike Zoom SB Stefan Janoski Canvas Shoes Dove Grey/Light Retro/White/Anthracite Air Max 1 Essential White/Pink Pow/Total Orange/Fireberry Shoes
Regular Price: £115.00
Special Price £45.00
Nike LunarTempo Clearwater/Black/White/Flash Lime Running Shoes
Regular Price: £120.00
Special Price £47.00
Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 31 Blue Graphite/White/Classic Charcoal/Black Running Shoes
Regular Price: £100.00
Special Price £42.00
Nike SB Stefan Janoski Max Shoes White/Anthracite/Black/Clearwater
Regular Price: £105.00
Special Price £43.00.
Detailed 1. Nail Buffer made of chamois and foam 2. Ideal to use with standard mandrel 1. Nail Buffer for polishing nail in nail salon2. 1/4"x1/4" size3. Made of high quality chamois4. Center hole 6.5mm for standard mandrel use. nail buffer: 1.all the kinds of nail buffer we can offered. 2.best price 3.logo and colors can be printed on demand. Basic: NameNail BufferMaterialPPSize15*1.8*0.8cmCondition100% brand new.
Detailed nail buffer block Manicure & Pedicure YOUR ORDERS WOULD BE CUSTOMIZED N-CR-001Name:nail buffer blockCorn Planer Note: 1) OEM service offered; 2) Design service offered; 3) Private label offered. &nb.
Detailed Block Nail Buffer Item #: N-FB04-001 1) OEM service offered; 2) Design service offered; 3) Private label offered. Code: N-FB04-001Name: Block Nail BufferMaterial : Sponge Size: 91x36x27mm.
Detailed Item Name:Green Square EVA Nail File and Buffer Item#:BL-NF001 Materials:Sand Paper+EVA Size:9.1*2.8*2.8cm(L*W*H) 1)Item Name:Green Square EVA Nail File and Buffer2)Item#:BL-NF0013)Materials:Sand Paper+EVA4)Size:9.1*2.8*2.8cm(L*W*H)5) Customer Design available6)Different colors available7).
Detailed nice shine nail enamel Code: NP-098(Y) 1) OEM service offered; 2) Design service offered; 3) Private labe nice shine nail enamel Name: Nail PolishNET: 16 ml.
Detailed We provide 4 way nail buffer, there are 4 different sides for nail shining steps. nail file, nail art tool, nail care, nail art productWe have a comprehensive series of nail art products with a wide range.
Detailed Buffer block 1:Best quality 2:the lowest price 3:Mass production 4:Manufac turer Buffer block Xingtai aski Trade Co., Ltd.
Detailed We are the leading manufacturer& exporter of Nail Care, Nail File, Buffer, Pedicure File, Foot File. We are the leading manufacturer& exporter of Nail Care, Nail File, Buffer, Pedicure File.
Detailed nail buffer it can clean nail .
Detailed nail file it can clean nail ,make your nail healthy it is very elegant and handy cute design is consumer's favourite Product Details Description: nail buffer for skin care TM:yuanmei &n.
Detailed These are buffer blocks in white These are buffer blocks in white.
Detailed nail file 1 made of ppboard ,sand paper 2 various sizes and designs 3 good product performance Product Details Description: nail buffer for skin care TM:yuanmei &nbs.
Detailed Glass nail Buffer, GLass etching technology, patent by international law LuvuNail has been developed world first by the glass etching technology applied to the semi-conductor.
Processed in 0.596 second(s)Completed Guides
Questions
- iPhone not charging after lightning port/headphone jack replacementI replaced the charge board on my iPhone 6s+ and it is still not charging, issue before was not charging while on, issue now ...
- Not chatging, more information in the description.I have an iphone 6s+ that is not charging or being recognized by a PC. I checked the voltage of the battery and its reading a...
Answers
- Answer to: changed computers where can I download drivers for hp935... contains the firmware for your camera. Hope this helps.
- Answer to: My card is physically broken, any chance to retrieve the files?If it is just broken along the back side you might be able to stick it in an adapter and recover files(the adapter might take the card and you wont be able to get it back out, just make sure you stick it in all the way with a toothpick or a sewing needle, something along that size), i don't think there is anything in that back part of the card, but i might be wrong. If you cant recover files from using an adapter there is no point in trying to fix the card to recover the data, you'd save money and time by buying a new SD card.
- Answer to: Can you increase storage from 128 GB to 512 GB?There are some sites selling used drives for this machine, but they are going to cost you a good amount.
- Answer to: All pictures are blackHeres some of the things i would recommend in addition to iApple: - Make sure the battery is in. - Make sure the battery is fully charged. -Make sure the camera is in one of the automatic settings where it is point and shoot. - Use your flash?
- Answer to: Upgrade CPU on MacBook Pro Retina 2.3 GHzThere is no way upgrade the processor unless you know what you're doing with a soldering iron and some magic.
- Answer to: How can I tell?is there a way you can post a picture of the device? it could be any of those. What are the specifications? or is it a knock off?
The external power brick has no sound whatsoever.
This is easiest if you use more powerful springs or go with Flywheel blasters.The alliance for a green furniture industry situation symposium was held in guangzhou industry, mutual communication through alliance own construction, further advantage of industry alliance, promote the development of green furniture industry upgrade.
It is reported, this is 28 February gave nameboards alliance for a green furniture industry and collective appearance, after the first meeting of the coalition.The league has established the expert appraisal committee, the next will be in the process of market supervision committee, the quality assurance committee, through the alliance related standard formulation and implementation, and make it clear to the enterprise production, let customers understand consumption, achieve the purpose of promoting industrial upgrading, to guide consumption.
Released in October last year, the guangdong provincial government office of guangdong province to improve consumer goods supply special action plan (2016-2020), "pointed out that implementing the strategy of" the doctrine of "the main task: one is the function of intelligent household appliances, food, furniture, paper making, hardware advantages of traditional industries to establish community alliance, promote the competitiveness of the industry through technical innovation and standard fusion.The second is to encourage such as furniture, paint, forestry industry association to form a green alliance, improve the quality of furniture products safety and environmental protection.
Previous: What Certification Furniture Enterprises Need To Do?
Next: Foreign Trade Enterprise Transformation, With Good Financial Is The KeyEach month, one of our members gets to pick their favourite things in Walcha Handmade…
Ria creates for Walcha Handmade, and comes in to lend a hand whenever her mum does her day in the shop, so we asked her to pick her five favourite things currently in-store.
The contrasting colours of this backpack work well together, and it looks like it’s really comfortable and wouldn’t hurt your back.
A simple design, the colours on the clock work well together and the khaki section helps with its functionality.
Thanks, Ria!
AdvertisementsBFST® Devices are Electrical Medical Appliances that
actively stimulate blood flow in injured tissue.
BFST® devices heal soft tissue injuries.
BFST® stimulates blood flow through.
Almost as important as the promotion of blood flow is the reminder of the injury. This is what helps you move with care and avoid further damage to your wrist. to your wrist. This will provide light support and protection for your injured wrist.Hi there I have a site called event studios nottingham dot co dot uk that comes up 3rd place on g -gle when I search "guitar lessons nottingham", I have a new site called guitar lessons nottingham dot com because I wanted a domain that better suits my business giving guitar lessons in nottingham. I am a novice as to seo i have some links going to event, i have been posting loads of gumtree adverts linking back to event. I have also submitted to search engines. guitar lessons site is going to have more pages, i can have up to 500. it has keywords in the title. I have done it thru 123 reg again because i figured if I can get to 3 with a sitebuilder site then i can get to no1 one with a bigger sitebuilder site and keywords in title (maybe) my competitor who is No 1 seems to have a nice site but id like to pip him to the post and need your help (white hat style) have a look at guitar lessons nottingham and you will see no'1 site, looks like a nice site. I need your help, i dont want to piss g -gle off by making two sites that represent the same thing and do not want event to go down either. any tips at all?HOUSTON – clean-up and repair efforts will continue working but have their pay reduced.
The layoffs come after the company signed agreements on Thursday with health officials in Texas and Oklahoma detailing steps the company will follow to resume production.For a salad greens this was a very hearty salad and could certainly work as a main course. You have the smokey meat/bean flavor of a main course chili combined with the energy and vitamin boost of green food. Loved it!
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
1/2 small onion, chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 carrot, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper
1 bunch Swiss Chard or Mustard Greens, stems removed, leaves chopped
1/2 C. Diced smoked turkey or lean ham
1 – 15 oz. can Great Northern Beans, drained slightly
2 – 15 oz. cans Pinto Beans, drained and rinsed well
1/4 C. Chopped fresh parsley or 1 tsp. dried parsley
1 tsp. fresh thyme or 1/2 tsp. dried thyme
1 tsp. fresh oregano or 1/2 tsp. dried oregano
Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion celery, carrot, garlic and 1/4 tsp. each salt and pepper; cook stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are crisp-soft, about 7 minutes.
Add the greens, meat and 2 Tbsp. water to the skillet; cooking, stirring, until the greens wilt slightly, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes with their juice and simmer about 5 minutes. Add the pinto beans and the Great Northern Beans with their liquid. Add parsley, thyme and oregano and simmer just to heat through. — Submitted by Marcia MarshallRoman numerals
.
Contents
- 1 Roman numeric system
- 2 History
- 2.1 Pre-Roman times and ancient Rome
- 2.2 Middle Ages and Renaissance
- 2.3 Modern use
- 3 Special values
- 4 See also
- 5 References
- 6 Sources
- 7 External links
Roman numeric system
Basic decimal pattern:
- I, II, III, IIII, V, VI, VII, VIII, VIIII, X.):
- X, XX, XXX, XL, L, LX, LXX, LXXX, XC, C.
Note that 40 (XL) and 90 (XC) follow the same subtractive pattern as 4 and 9.
Similarly, 100 to 1000 (counting in hundreds):
- C, CC, CCC, CD, D, DC, DCC, DCCC, CM, M.:
- 1776 as MDCCLXXVI, the date written on the book held by the Statue of Liberty.[5]
-
The "standard" forms described above reflect typical modern usage rather than a universally accepted convention. Usage in ancient Rome varied greatly and remained inconsistent in medieval and modern times.[7]
- Inscriptions dating from the Roman period not infrequently use "additive" forms such as IIII and VIIII for "4" and "9" instead of IV and IX. There are even instances of both forms appearing within the same document.
- While in standard usage subtractive notation is limited to use of "adjacent" numerals, so that 99 (for example) is written XCIX, forms such as IC are not unknown.
- XIIX or IIXX are sometimes used for "18" instead of XVIII. The Latin word for "eighteen" is often rendered as the equivalent of "twenty less two", which may be the source of this usage.
- Sometimes V and L are not used, with instances such as IIIIII and XXXXXX rather than VI or LX.[8][9]
- Clock faces that use Roman numerals normally show IIII for four o’clock but IX for nine o’clock, a practice that goes back to very early clocks such as the Wells Cathedral clock of the late 14th century.[10][11][12] However, this is far from universal: for example, the clock on the Palace of Westminster in London (aka "Big Ben") uses a "normal" IV.[11]
- At the beginning of the 20th century, different representations of 900 (conventionally.".
Hand signals.
Intermediate symbols deriving from few original symbols
A third hypothesis about the origins states that the basic ciphers were I, X, C and Φ (or ⊕) and that the intermediary ones were derived from taking half of those (half an X is V, half a C is L and half a Φ/⊕ is D).[17] The Φ was later replaced with M, the initial of Mille (the Latin word for "thousand").
Middle Ages and Renaissance.
Modern use:
- during the reign of Henry VIII. Previously, the monarch was not known by numeral but by an epithet such as Edward the Confessor. Some monarchs (e.g. Charles IV of Spain and Louis XIV of France) seem to have preferred the use of IIII instead of IV on their coinage (see illustration).
- Generational suffixes, particularly in the US,, video games, and other works (as in Rocky II).
- Outlines that use numbers to show hierarchical relationships.
- Occurrences of a recurring grand event, for instance:
- The Summer and Winter Olympic Games (e.g. the XXI Olympic Winter Games; the Games of the XXX Olympiad)
- The Super Bowl, the annual championship game of the National Football League (e.g. Super Bowl XXXVII; Super Bowl 50 is a one-time exception[24])
- WrestleMania, the annual professional wrestling event for the WWE (e.g. WrestleMania XXX). This usage has also been inconsistent.
Specific disciplines:
-..
Modern use in continental Europe век)..
Special values
Zero]
Fractions
Though the Romans used a decimal system for whole numbers, reflecting how they counted in Latin, they used a duodecimal system for fractions, because the divisibility of twelve (12 = 22 × 3) makes it easier to handle the common fractions of 1/3 and 1/4 than does a system based on ten (10 = 2 × 5). (⁙) ]
Vinculum:
- IV for 4,000
- XXV for 25,000:
- |VIII| for 80,000 (or 800,000)
- |XX| for 200,000 (or 2,000,000)
This needs to be distinguished from the custom of adding both underline and overline to a Roman numeral, simply to make it clear that it is a number, e.g. MCMLXVII.
See also
- Egyptian numerals
- Etruscan numerals
- Kharosthi numerals
- Roman abacus
- Proto-writing
- Roman numerals in Unicode
- Pentimal system
References
- ^ Gordon, Arthur E. (1982). Illustrated Introduction to Latin Epigraphy. Berkeley: University of California Press. ISBN 0520050797.
Alphabetic symbols for larger numbers, such as Q for 500,000, have also been used to various degrees of standardization.
- ^ Reddy, Indra K.; Khan, Mansoor A. (2003). Essential Math and Calculations for Pharmacy Technicians. CRC Press. ISBN 9780203495346.
- ^ 9780596001674.
- ^ "What book is the Statue of Liberty holding? What is its significance?". Quora.
- ^ Hayes, David P. "Guide to Roman Numerals". Copyright Registration and Renewal Information Chart and Web Site.
- ^ Adams, Cecil (February 23, 1990). "What is the proper way to style Roman numerals for the 1990s?". The Straight Dope.
- ^ Reynolds, Joyce Maire; Spawforth, Anthony J. S. (1996). "numbers, Roman". In Hornblower, Simon; Spawforth, Anthony. Oxford Classical Dictionary (3rd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-866172-X.
- ^ Kennedy, Benjamin Hall (1923). The Revised Latin Primer. London: Longmans, Green & Co.
- ^ Milham, W.I. (1947). Time & Timekeepers. New York: Macmillan.. JSTOR 505248.
- ^
- ^.
- ^ C. W. Jones, ed., Opera Didascalica, vol. 123C in Corpus Christianorum, Series Latina.
- ^ Maher, David W.; Makowski, John F., "Literary Evidence for Roman Arithmetic with Fractions", Classical Philology 96 (2011): 376–399.
- ^ "Merriam-Webster Unabridged Dictionary".
- ^ Smith, David Eugene (1958) [1925], History of Mathematics, II, p. 60, ISBN 0-486-20430-8
Sources
- Menninger, Karl (1992). Number Words and Number Symbols: A Cultural History of Numbers. Dover Publications. ISBN 978-0-486-27096-8.VICTORIA, BC, May 29, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - The Business Development Bank of Canada (BDC) announced today that the turning-point project, "Bee Wrapped," submitted by local businesswoman Toni Desrosiers, will represent British Columbia in the finals of the 2014 BDC Young Entrepreneur Award (BDC YEA).
Toni's project will see her company, Abeego Designs Inc., expand into the U.S. market to develop a solid, easy recognizable brand for her "beeswax wrap that keeps food fresh". To claim the $100,000 Grand Prize and actively expand her brand into the U.S. market, Toni needs votes from Canadians coast-to-coast.
Abeego has people buzzing about food wrap. This all-natural product is a quality alternative to conventional plastic food wraps. Whereas plastic wrap has been around since the 60s, cultures around the world have been relying on beeswax, jojoba oil, tree resin, cotton and hemp for thousands of years to store food and preserve its freshness.
"We are inspired by nature, and we believe natural materials are ideal for keeping food fresh," says Toni. "This is not a second-rate natural version of plastic. Abeego is versatile, flexible, reusable and biodegradable. Unlike plastic, it allows food to breathe, keeping it fresh and preserving natural flavours to create less food waste."
Abeego is a natural solution to a natural problem. This message has resonated with consumers, particularly middle-class mothers in search of environmentally sustainable alternatives who have been early adopters of the brand. Demand for the product is constantly increasing – Abeego is now responding to three to five wholesale requests a week from independent stores and small retail chains.
Toni has plans to make Abeego part of our pop culture with the phrase "Abeego It" by actively pursuing distribution agreements with larger retail chains across North America. She has a four-part plan to make this expansion happen, including a marketing and promotion strategy and investments in new equipment and manufacturing processes that will see the company quadruple production and reduce product defects.
. "Toni has proven how an entrepreneurial vision supported by a passion for sustainability can carry a startup a long way. Her business is now ready to take its next big step."
"I've never talked to a single person who's happy about using plastic food wrap," says Toni. "Whenever we can get in front of people and demonstrate Abeego, they realize they do have a better choice. Please vote for our project –a vote for Abeego is a vote for a sustainable Canadian invention that uses all natural materials to reduce our reliance on plastic."
Voting for the 2014 BDC Young Entrepreneur Award contest runs from May 29 to June 12 at noon EST.Auristatin is a family of complex analogues to the native antineoplastic product dolastatin 10. They are 100 to 1000 times more toxic than Doxorubicin, a conventional cancer chemotherapy medication. The potent agent, dolastatin 10 is a five-subunit penta-peptide discroverde by Pettit et al. from the sea hare Dolabella auricularia in 1987 and chemical modification to dolastatin 10 were applied to generate auristatins.
All rights reserved• This video may not be used, copied nor changed without explicit consent of the author..She's just getting warmed up,.
She Has Worshipers?
It's a strange day when there are two insightful pieces criticizing the left from left-leaning journals. Camille Paglia slams Hillary Clinton supporters in Salon:
By Grim on Thursday, April 21, 2016
4 comments:
It's signalling, with no thought of what the consequences will be for themselves or anyone else. That would require an overhead perspective, and these folks are locked into a short-radius ground-level view.
Paglia likes to throw grenades. But what I think is happening is that, in their gut, they all know. Hillary will be a disaster. Which is why they ran Paglia's piece.
Ya gotta admit, though, that she does have more *accomplishments* than Xerxes had when he took office.
*snort*
That's not a high bar, Sly.Posted on March 04, 2016 of plants, I was thinking about the variety of healing properties in nature's botanicals. Even just the humble coconut (Read more about coconut oil here) has so many beneficial uses.
One of our favourite botanicals comes from southern Europe, mainly Italy. Iris florentina
has a thick, violet scented rhizome, sword-like, green or grey-green leaves,
that are semi-evergreen, and a tall branched stem with
many flowers that are
white and tinged, or flushed with blue. This plants rhizome produces a revitalizing anti-aging ingredient, that is rich in natural isoflavones, which stimulates the skin to compensate for decreased metabolic activity due
to aging. In other words,it works by fortifying the dermis by limiting structural proteins from degrading. This reduces the depth of wrinkles and improves skin
hydration and elasticity for an overall improvement in skin tone. We add a
healthy dose of Iris florentina to our ZCC Light Daytime Anti-Aging Face Cream and other antioxidant rich oils, making one of the best product
for natural anti-aging. Just check out the reviews on this product and see what others are saying!Etude House, Bubble Tea Sleeping Pack, Strawberry, 3.5, Bubble Tea Sleeping Pack, Strawberry, 3.5 oz (100 g)
)
>>IMAGE: ETU-43626
- UPC Code: 8806199436260
- Package Quantity: 3.5 oz
- Dimensions:3.8 x 2.6 x 2.6 in, 0.4 lbsSwitch to Metric units.
Its so cute!
Verified Purchase
Its so cute!
Was this review helpful to you?
Just Pretty
Posted by iHerb Customer on Oct 26, 2017 | Verified Purchase
Did not make any diffrence😞
Cute But Doesnt Work
Posted by iHerb Customer on Sep 09, 2017 | Verified Purchase
Z
Amazing
Posted by iHerb Customer on Aug 27, 2017 | Verified Purchase
I bought this mask to to try it and I was so amazed from the results for sure I will buy it again when my current mask is finished
Its so cute!
Posted by iHerb Customer on Aug 26, 2017 | Verified Purchase
Amazing packaging, less fan of the product
Posted by iHerb Customer on Aug 20, 2017 | Verified Purchase
I had high hopes about this product and love gel like consistencies but this one is packed with alcohol and does smell like it so I'm a little drawn back by this. My skin is soft in the morning but not drastically better than usual. I'd recommand it so someone with oily skin as it does leave a film somehow and alcohol tends to be drying and/or as a gift for someone who like this type of compositions.Stockton, CA
Mark R. Shafer
June 30, 1947 - March 26, 2009
Mark R. Shafer, a resident of Stockton, CA for 5 years and was born in Michigan. He served two volunteer tours in the Vietnam War. Mark is survived by his brothers, Dan Shafer of Monterey, CA and John Shafer of Manteca, CA; sister Nancy Watson of San Jose, CA and many nieces and nephews.
Funeral services will be private. Family requests donations be made to Hospice of San Joaquin County in his memory.
Mark R. Shafer
Sunday
Mar 29, 2009 at 12:01 AM May 12, 2011 at 7:58 PM
Stockton, CAIt feels quite empty in this section of Jarvie Park now. The child gives an idea of the size of the trunk.
Marrickville Coucil has given ‘post notification’ emergency tree removal of a Port Jackson Fig (Ficus rubiginosa) at Jarvie Park Marrickville for the following reasons –
- “The tree had a major branch (approx 40% of tree canopy) failure during a high wind event.
- The remaining tree was structurally unsound & not viable for retention.”
Council says they will replace with an 800L Moreton Bay Fig (Ficus macrophylla) in during 2013 planting season.
What a shame. This was a seriously beautiful tree & its loss has left a big hole in the park. I am glad that Council is replacing with another Fig tree of an advanced size. May the new Fig tree go on to live a very long incident-free life.
June 16, 2013 at 6:59 am
jennifer v millward
why are councils doing this ?? they have ‘reasons’ but no love or imagination!Crab, Octopi, and Fish are just a few sea creatures Alexandra Nicole (Wildlife Biologist and Coastal Artist) paints. She has eclectic array of coastal art.
Description Created in an impressionistic + splattered watercolor style, this high quality art print will make those walls pop! This is a handmade print and artistic expression with variations in graipectoral sandpiper definitionJanuary 13, 2018 AZ DictionaryLink to this pagenoun:a fresh World sandpiper (Calidris melanotos) with brown lines regarding upper area of the breast. A man inflates its breast during courtship.American sandpiper that inflates its upper body when courtingView Moreadjective:the jacksnipe (b).Related SourcesDefinition for "pectoral sandpiper"a fresh World sandpiper (Calidris melanotos) with brown…View MoreHypernym for "pectoral sandpiper"sandpiperView MoreHow would you define pectoral sandpiper?All the definitions on AZdictionary were written by people just like you. Now's your chance to add your own! Your Full NameYour definitionPost Definition
How would you define pectoral sandpiper?I’m kind of braindead these days. Pregnancy does that. If it’s not the hormones, it’s the tiredness, and if I manage to avoid those two my body decides I haven’t been hydrating enough and I have to sit and drink water until things calm down again.
As a result, I don’t have the brains for big artworks (most of the time, anyway) but I’ve been making bunches of these pendant things. I just punch out circles from various papers (mostly painted cards, but some are pretty origami paper) and glue them and add Mod Podge Dimensional Magic. I love my circle punch. There’s something very satisfying about using it, between the shhhhk sound and the perfect paper circle popping out. I kinda want another smaller one, but I don’t know if I can really justify buying one.
I’ve no idea what I’m going to do with them. Some will be holiday gifts for my mom and sisters, I expect. Beauty keeps being interested, so one is for her. I may end up mailing them to random people on the internet, and that’s okay too.
Apparently the miniature person inside requires sustenance. Sigh.How do you guys prefer to listen to your music? Pretend that convenience isn't a factor at all, and you're sitting on your couch at home-would you rather listen to your music with headphones? Spakers? And is your choice motivated by sound quality? Or comfort/convenience?
- I prefer to listen to my music with headphones.Vote A
- I prefer to listen to my music with speakers.Vote B
Most Helpful Girl
Most Helpful Guy
Of the two options you mentioned, I'd say speakers.
More precisely, I like to listen to music on speakers while drinking a cocktail of a nice blush wine and preparing a salmon fillet, sauted in butter and lemon juice with some dill and herbs de Provence sprinkled on top
I do not know how people can cook without music. To me, it's almost as bad as dancing without music.
Of course, I preferred to listen to my wife play the piano or cello while preparing dinner. That beats speakers and headphones any day.21|10|0
Thanks for mh my sweet dodgers!😘If you want to win BIG on casino slot machines, it can be done. If you have been in the casinos you have probably seen people win jackpots of a couple. Play Slots Free - Big Win Casino ™, a new Vegas style casino slots game where you can enjoy multi-slots and casino experience anytime anywhere! With big. Slots - Big Win Casino. Gefällt Mal. Play Slots - Big Win Casino, a new Vegas style casino app where you can enjoy multi-slot experience anytime.
Winbig21 casino banking and payment processors. I'm back again and ask him whats happen, why still my payments not processed. There are things you can do to improve your chances of winning big on slot machines. Winbig 21 Casino remains one of the few casinos that I never had a withdrawal in. Choose Progressive Slots Once you read the newest stories about your peers' big casino wins, you will likely want to go on to spin the reels of the slots in question. No problems with software or customer service. They had a free play thing so i thought i giving it a try. Winbig21 Review submitted by sissi1 on I must write about my WORST experience with this Casino!!!!!!!! So, from EUR I win up to eur! Don't have an account yet? I claimed the bonus from the cashier. S KING 9 juin Hi again false promesses from wing, should have been paid the day before yesterday and yesterday and there is always something it is properly I have a very pre-decided traditional way of playing on casinos from the rival gaming and i always start with the reel slots.
0 Responses to “Win big casino”The ABP’s of Mission Viejo Homes for Sale
What are the ABP’s of Mission Viejo Real Estate?
The Mission Viejo Real Estate Market is an open book these days. With countless web sites providing access to home listing information, there are a couple of things you need to know as an OC Home Buyer. The primary source for all OC homes for sale is the So Cal MLS – the Southern California Multiple Listing Service. This is the Big Kahuna of Real Estate information and the guy who feeds all the other web sites. So when you plug in a search on your favorite site, the info is coming from the MLS. But here’s the insider 411 – most sites mask the exact status of the homes they show you. Much like Batman, the Lone Ranger, and the Phantom of the Opera are masked, the true specific status will be hidden from you. So you need to know that even though you see 30 homes that meet your search criteria, only some of these will be available for you to buy. The rest are lumped into a category I like to call “Mission Viejo homes not currently available to be bought by you.” Here’s what this means.
- The So Cal MLS says that listings with a status of ‘A’ which stands for Active and available for you to fall in love with and negotiate to purchase. So far so good, right? Exactly what you what to see when you’re shopping for homes in Orange County.
- The So Cal MLS also says listings with a status of ‘B’ which stands for accepting Back Up Offers, since we are already in escrow with a qualified and capable buyer and this home is not available to be purchased by you, is also active and hence will be delivered to you for consideration in your search results. This is just an illusion of a home you can buy, since the only way you can actually purchase a home in Back Up status is if you put in an offer that you successfully negotiate, and the existing buyer cancels for some reason. Of course, then you’ll need to know the exact reason they cancelled so you don’t walk into the land mine that they discovered and walked away from.
- Once all the buyers’ contingencies have been removed, the listing is typically changed to ‘P’ for Pending. Meaning the close of escrow is imminent and if the buyer backs out now it will cost them big bucks. The So Cal MLS does not consider listings in Pending status as active and hence no they do not appear in the search results on most web sites.
The moral of this story is: Know your ABP’s when it comes to shopping for homes in Mission Viejo and all of Orange County. Save yourself some time and frustration. FYI – the best way unmask the status of homes you may be interested in is to get a Listingbook Account. See the real status just like the Realtors do. Give me a call, text me or email me and I’ll hook you right up. Or fill out the form below.
I’m Leslie Eskildsen, just keeping it real in Orange County Real Estate.By Bloodhorse.com
CYPRESS, Calif. (July 5, 2017) — The National Thoroughbred Racing Association (NTRA) announced July 5 that Los Alamitos Race Course has earned reaccreditation from the NTRA Safety & Integrity Alliance for its Thoroughbred race meet. Los Alamitos received its initial Alliance accreditation in 2014. All accreditations and reaccreditations carry an effective period of two years.
The summer Thoroughbred meeting will begin July 6 and continue through July 16. The Summer Meet is one of three stands for Thoroughbred racing at the Los Angeles-area track, along with the Los Angeles County Fair and the Winter Meet.
The reaccreditation of Los Alamitos was the culmination of a lengthy process that hosted several meetings with Alliance officials. An on-site review included inspections of all facets of the racing facility. Interviews were conducted with race track executives, racetrack personnel, jockeys, owners, trainers, veterinarians and stewards. The inspection team was comprised of Dr. Jennifer Durenberger, DVM, veterinary and regulatory consultant and steward at Canterbury Park, with past experiences as a state veterinarian, track veterinarian and regulator; Mike Kilpack, security and integrity consultant and past chairman of the Organization of Racetrack Investigators; Katherine McKee, Keeneland’s Director of Racing Administration; and Steve Koch, executive director of the NTRA Safety & Integrity Alliance.
Los Alamitos standards on a uniform basis nationwide. Information on the Alliance, supported by the Hagyard Equine Medical Institute and Insurance Office of America, can be found at NTRAalliance.com.80% of S&P 500 Value is Intellectual Property; New ETF Tracks This
"When you think about the United States, we've outsourced manufacturing to China. We've outsourced services to India. What's left? Knowledge. And that knowledge is protected by patents," said Keith Cardoza, managing director of Ocean Tomo, a Chicago-based investment banking firm that specializes in intellectual property.
Last week Ocean Tomo launched the Claymore/Ocean Tomo Patent ETF (AMEX:OTP), which tracks the 300 stock index. The index comprises 300 companies deemed to have the greatest patent value relative to their book value.
Ocean Tomo uses its (patented) PatentRatings software to calculate the relative attractiveness of the more than 4 million patents that have been issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office since 1983 in addition to the 4,000 new ones issued every week.
A hypothetical backtest over the past 10 years found that the patent index would have outperformed the S&P 500 by an average 300 basis points a year.
Exxon Mobil stands at the top of the patent heap in the ETF, as its intangible assets account for 71% of the $445 billion oil company, according to Ocean Tomo.
The term "intellectual capital" refers generally to traditional intellectual property assets - patents, trademarks and copyrights. Ocean Tomo includes within the definition of "intellectual capital", special client intangible assets, especially corporate and governmental preference rights.
7 thoughts on “SNES Kiosk Review ! (Super Nintendo Store Display)”.
i have one here that i dont use, very good condition. how much is this worth ?
I sold this , recently , but I will keep the video up for people who wonder about these things .
Where is the monitor?
Like it! Best demopod ever!
Awesome!! Glad you were able to get one! These displays are getting harder to find, especially in very good condition…. as they took a beating in the stores.
A great addition to your game room!! Thanks for sharing!! 🙂
Great Video , and very cool that you have this. And Go Eagles!!!!!!!Hello Faithful Followers! I apologize for my lack of posting on my blog, but I’ve been going through a difficult time that has left me unmotivated to write. However! Last night to distract myself from things, I stayed up until 6 am reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green for the first time and I was blown away. This was my first experience with John Green’s writing and although it took a little bit of warming up to get to used to his style, I ended up really enjoying it! The novel is so insightful and had me look at life in such a different way! I wish I could write something more profound about it, but it may have to sink in for a while before I can. All I’m saying is hey, if you have read it, please comment below because I would love to discuss it, and if you haven’t read it, I would strongly suggest giving it a read. Hopefully I will be up to writing soon, but in the meantime, I will be reading all I can for leisure before the strictures of academia overtake all my time.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Advertisements
It may have to check that out I need something to distract my mind
Omg Joran it’s so good!SHAFAQNA (International Shia News Agency) – The resignation of the second leader of German anti-Islam group PEGIDA in a week has been widely seen as a blow to the group, who lost its supporters as quick as it gained them.
“I think that these demonstrations are probably past their best,” German Vice Chancellor and Social Democrats (SPD) chairman Sigmar Gabriel told German television broadcaster ZDF, Deutsche Welle reported on Thursday, January 29.
It was probably “a blessing for Dresden” that the movement and its organizers have disassembled themselves, he added.
The anti-Islam movement looked in disarray on Wednesday after the losing its second leader in a week when Kathrin Oertel who resigned suddenly.
Oertel, a 37-year-old mother-of-three became PEGIDA’s national figurehead after founder Lutz Bachmann resigned a week ago for posing as Hitler.
The Deutsche Welle said that resignation amounted to five board member of Pegida who stepped down over Bachmann’s Hitler impersonation.
The crises came as Bachmann wanted to remain on the organization team, according to the movement’s deputy leader, Rene Jahn.
German tabloid daily “Bild” reported Jahn as saying that he, like Oertel and three other PEGIDA members, had stepped down from his position as he “did not want to have anything to do with these Nazi things and right-wing comments.”
The organization also cancelled its forthcoming rally in Dresden, set for next Monday.
Yet, PEGIDA said Oertel had quit “due to the massive hostility, threats and career disadvantages,” Reuters reported.
“Even the strongest of women has to take time out when at night photographers and other strange figures are sneaking around outside her house,” it added..
Since October, the group “Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the Occident” or PEGIDA has been holding weekly marches against Muslims and immigrants.
Pegida drew a record 25,000 marchers to its 12th rally earlier in January in Dresden where its flag-waving members held a minute’s silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris last week..
The anti-Islam protests have been condemned by Ulrich Grillo, the president of the German Federation of Industry, for undermining the country’s interests and values.
Offering support for the Muslim community, German Chancellor Angela Merkel attended a vigil for tolerance in Berlin two weeks ago, in a clear message against rising anti-Islam, far-right group Pegida.
Late in December,2014, Merkel urged people in her New Year’s speech to help refugees fleeing conflicts, telling them to turn their backs to the “racist”, “full of hatred” anti-Muslim movement.
Source: Onislam.netNaz101 is a discipleship strategy designed to educate us as Christians in a more authentic way. These are classes intended to teach in much the same way a student at a Nazarene University would be taught. Our hope is that these classes help us all learn that the rich history and theology of the Church is not just for academia but a way for each of us to know God more fully.
Naz101 is now completed for the summer session. We are now focusing on Small Groups as we develop our next Naz101 series.I have a 99 Jeep Grand Cherokee 4.7L V8. It started intermittently stalling 9 months ago. At first it didn't occur very often and it would start up after a couple of minutes. It has gotten progressively worse (and the weather has gotten hotter). Now when it stalls it takes 3-4 hours before it fires right up. When it stalls, it doesn't sputter or anything, just shuts down. It will crank but won't fire. The engine temperature is always at 210 when it stalls and no codes show up. When it is running it runs great. This problem has gotten so bad that it stalls every time it is driven - making it useless. We have changed the crankshaft position sensor (and it ran great for a couple of weeks after that)we found that the wires doing to that sensor were bare, so we fixed those. We have changed the ASD relay and the fuel pump and filter. Something new that we just noticed is after it stalls, we put it into neutral and it started right up. When put into gear it shut down again. I love driving this car, but it has become to unreliable my husband is ready to push it off a cliff.
Any help would be greatly appreciated!
SPONSORED LINKS
have the same problem?
Yes
No
Tuesday, August 21st, 2012 AT 11:19 PM haven’t written a WIAW post in several weeks because I’ve been eating the same foods I highlighted earlier in the summer. But when I saw that the focus for August is “summer staples,” I figured that I have a few things to share.
When school is in I usually bring a salad with grilled chicken with me everyday, changing it up with the different accompaniments and dressings that I use. I really enjoy salads, but I guess I got a bit burnt out, because I really haven’t eaten many salads this summer.
Instead, my daily staple has been wraps made with Flat Out Bread and filled with turkey, tomatoes, laughing cow cheese and some sort of sprout. Which leads me to the first photo I want to share:
My sister turned me on to these organic pea shoots from Trader Joe’s. She adores them, and buys them every time she goes to the store. I enjoyed them quite a bit, but I do like alfalfa and clover sprouts better. Still, I’m glad I tried something new.
Yesterday instead of the usual wrap I had wheat toast, topped with fat free ricotta. I love it, and I thought it paired well with the salami and grapes. Most of the time I have thin-sliced turkey in my wraps, but I was at Trader Joe’s, and I really don’t like their sliced turkey (it’s really thick and just sort of breaks apart). So instead I bought some salami. Salami is much higher in calories than turkey, but it’s nice to change things up now and then. Plus, the extra calories motivate me to push my workouts a bit father.
One of the questions that goes along with these August WIAW posts is how we like to beat the heat with our workouts. When the weather heats up, I like to make sure to take Sofi for a walk early in the morning, around 9:30, before it gets too hot outside. Plus, I like starting the day with a nice walk to take in all the sites and sounds that remind me what a great area I live in. My main form of exercise has been from swimming, which is the best way to get in a full-body workout while staying nice and cool. I’ve tried to make it to the pool almost every weekday this summer, and it’s really helped with my weight loss.
That’s about all I have for you this week, because the rest of my food has been about the same as the meals I’ve posted in previous WIAW.
I highly recommend joining in on the WIAW posts! Not only do you get a TON of great ideas for healthy, interesting meals, but you can make some new blogging buddies, too.
What was the best thing you’ve eaten today? This week?
So I haven’t eaten meat in years, but I remember how much I used to love salami! It was my favorite sandwich for probably at least a decade.
What a delicious lunch, I’ll have to try the pea shoots!
I just discovered those Flat Outs and LOVE them!!! In fact, they are pictured on my WIAW post this week too. 🙂
[…] #WIAW #10 – Summer Lunches (bellaonthebeach.wordpress.com) […]Volume 16 (1997) Issue 6 Pages 257-266
Previous studies concerning psychological benefits of exercise among the elderly has focused predominantly on the effects of aerobic exercise. In the present study, psychological and behavioral adaptations in response to 12-weeks of strength training were examined in medically healthy but sedentary 42 older adults (mean age=68 years). The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of high and low intensity resistance training intensity on a) muscular fitness, b) psychological affect, and c) neurocognitive functioning. Subjects were randomly assigned to high intensity/low volume (EXH: 2 sets of 8 to 10 repetitions for 75 to 85% of 1 RM), low intensity/high volume (EXL: 2 sets of 14 to 16 repetitions for 55 to 65% of 1 RM), or no exercise control programs. Prior to and following the 12-week program, subjects underwent comprehensive physiological and psychological evaluations. Physiological assessment included measurements of blood pressure, heart rate, arm and leg muscle strength, body composition, and oxygen consumption (VO2max). Psychological measures included evaluations of mood, anxiety, and physical self-efficacy as well as cognitive functioning. The results of this study indicated that both high and low intensity strength programs were associated with marked improvements in physiological fitness and psychological functioning. Specifically, subjects in the strength training programs increased overall muscle strength by 38.6% and reduced percent body fat by 3.0%. Favorable psychological changes in the strength-trained subjects included improvements in positive and negative mood, trait anxiety, and perceived confidence for physical capability. The treatment effects of neurocognitive functioning were not significant. In summary, this study demonstrated that participation in 12-weeks of high or low intensity strength training can improve overall physical fitness, mood, and physical self-efficacy in older adults while cognitive functioning remains constant.
The Annals of physiological anthropologyIncluded as part of the Super Mario All-Stars: 25th Anniversary Edition game package and made for the 25th anniversary of Super Mario Bros., this CD includes 10 music tracks and 10 sound effects tracks. Each of the last 10 tracks has one sound effect from SMB.
As for the track selection, Koji Kondo explained in Iwata Asks: Super Mario All-Stars that he "decided the fans would probably be most pleased to hear one representative song from each of the ten games from the original Super Mario Bros. through Super Mario Galaxy 2."
Although Yoshi games aren't represented on the album, he isn't completely forgotten. The percussion that is added to the music when Mario is riding Yoshi begins at around the halfway points of tracks 4 and 6.
Super Mario History 1985-2010 Sound Track CD marks the first official release of the "Super Mario Bros. Ground Theme" in the U.S.Annie and Andy | Hotel Monaco, Washington DC Wedding
I had the pleasure of photographing Annie and Andy's wedding last weekend at the Hotel Monaco in Washington DC. It's fun for me as a wedding photographer to be able to shoot in a variety of locations. The Hotel Monaco is a far cry from the Shenandoah or other recent wedding locations and that got me excited to photograph this wedding!
We started out the day with Annie getting ready in her room, then moved to portraits with Andy, a first look with the couple, and a quick session at the National Portrait Gallery right across the street.
I enjoyed seeing Annie and Andy's tenderness toward each other and hearing the stories from friends and family during the reception. Many people spoke about how they are as a couple, how they move through their differences to love each other unconditionally. It was a blessing to be able to capture their beginning of life together.
Because 95% of the photos in this wedding were indoors I shot a little differently than I normally would. I was looking very closely at the light in the hotel, watching for portrait areas that featured beautiful tall windows with the Hotel Monaco's elegant interior. When window light wasn't readily available it was wonderful to be able to utilize the tall white hotel ceilings for bounce flash.
Every wedding gives me a new story to share, and I'm excited to share Annie and Andy's!<<Bright Sunflowers 2-pc. Gallery Wrapped Canvas Wall Art
Select your options to see availability
Quantity
Bright Sunflowers 2-pc. Gallery Wrapped Canvas Wall Art
Product Description
Bright Sunflowers a brilliant print example of textured digital photography,: 5511686The Emerald Coast Association of Realtors, in partnership with local businesses, would like to give 125 wounded soldiers, airmen, sailors, Marines, and Gold Star children a day on the water to show our gratitude for their sacrifice.
This year, Soldiers On The Water will be held Sept. 16, and will serve the nation’s combat wounded by providing world-class fishing to recognize and honor their sacrifice, encourage independence, foster connections within the community, and promote healing and wellness through camaraderie and a shared passion for the outdoors, the Gulf waters, and the sport of fishing.
Check-in will take place behind Brotula's Seafood House and Steamer in Destin at 7 a.m. All participants will be provided a light breakfast during registration. Boats will depart promptly at 8 a.m. After the fishing excursion, participants will be treated to a late lunch at Brotula's.
Additionally, this year we are working to provide activities for the families and caretakers of the service members while they are out on the boats.
Email ECAR Task Force Manager Farah Raschid at farah@ecaor.com for more information or visit to register.More potatoes, this time some white early (Aaron) and some red main crop (Desiree).
I’m disappointed by the earlies, but they were planted a bit late and maybe we’ve not had enough sun.
Why did I dig up these? Well, these were the spare seed potatoes I planted in the spare soil pile and for no reason other than I felt like it.
Some onions in the front are looking good, the cat has mostly destroyed the back ones
And I’ve tried to support them with plastic bottle necks and stapled together bits of plastic bottle in a cone shape
As they were leaning a lot, some haven’t grown as a result, so this is a bit trial and error, fingers crossed.
AdvertisementsFactor out your Apache-fu with mod_macro
19 October 2009 • comments
For nearly all HTTP-serving related work, our software of choice is the Apache mod_macro.
As the name suggests, it is an Apache 2.x module which allows for
defining snippets with customizable optional parameters. Take this
real-world example from
/etc/apache2/mods-available/macro.conf:
AuthType basic AuthBasicProvider ldap AuthLDAPUrl ldap://ldap.local/dc=yoursite,dc=com?uid AuthLDAPGroupAttribute uniqueMember AuthLDAPGroupAttributeIsDN On Require ldap-group cn=$group,ou=Group,dc=yoursite,dc=com
This is a common setup in most of our services, so now everytime one
wants to add autentication against the LDAP server, it is only a matter
of adding an
Use clause in the proper place:
# Put this into the virtual host configuration block: Use AuthLDAPSetup wwwusers
Ta-da! This is 5 lines shorter, and less error-prone. Also, if some day some extra configuration is needed to authenticate using LDAP, it is enough to change the macro definition, and changes will be automatically propagated to all places where it is used.
Wrapping up, you may consider installing mod_macro in your Apache installs for the following reasons:
- Greatly simplifies repeated code snippets in configuration files.
- It is integrated with the web server: no external tools are needed.
- Is especially useful to make changes to big sites in a single shot.
- Does not add overhead to request processing, only to initial configuration file parsing at server startup.
- It is simple enough to learn and use in a couple of minutes.Help! I’ve fallen and I’m afraid I can get up.
Since I am paralyzed around writing about my experiences with NVC, I’ll talk about my Fear of Flying. Might as well be Fear of Blogging, Fear of Expressing, Fear of Loneliness. Fear of (whatever your heart dreams of doing, right now).
Because, it’s not Fear of Falling, is it?
So, I think I’m
refusing to write afraid to fly until I’ve got a pretty good guarantee someone’s listening I won’t fall, thus locking myself into a place bereft of creativity. Because without the willingness to fail–privately or publicly--there is nowhere safe to create.
Creations can be messy
And take several iterations to be born. Remember Windows XP through Windows 7? Or Frankenstein’s monster? The Model M Ford?
I can stand in the street and say this all day, but it has to be ok that I’m not doing it perfectly. And not ok with other people.
It has to be ok with me.
Besides, there is no state of being called “Perfect” despite references on TV and popular culture. If there is, I haven’t found it and it’s not for lack of trying. But do let me know, if you have.
Place the oxygen mask over your face, first.
It’s easier to think that I’m graciously doing this for YOUR edification. But, it’s still all about me.
My juice cup is just barely full enough for me to realize you have feelings and needs, too.
The level of juice changes pretty fast, so I’m thinking I will spend a lot of concentrated effort on getting my own needs identified and met, so that I can begin to hear the feelings and needs behind your words.
So I’ll take an example of things I think are blocking me and try to view it through the lens of NVC. Good for me. Good for you?
What is Fear of Flying for you? What does your heart sing about, when it thinks no one is listening?4.10 pm:
US scared of Modi becoming PM: Shiv Sena
The Shiv Sena Monday said the US was "scared" at the prospect of BJP leader Narendra Modi becoming India's next prime minister.
An editorial in Shiv Sena mouthpiece Saamana said the US recently expressed concern that if a Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party government attains power in India, "the minorities, Muslims" would be crushed.
3.00 pm:
RJD leader shot dead in Bihar
A local RJD leader was shot dead by unidentified assailants at Mitbhairwa in Bihar's Gopalganj district, police said today.
The assailants barged into the RJD district secretary Rustam Ali's house and shot him dead last night, Additional Superintendent of Police Anil Kumar said.
On the complaint of the victim's relatives, an FIR has been lodged against four persons all of whom were absconding, Kumar said.
2.30 pm:
Brisk polling in Assam, Tripura.
2.00 pm:
Former Andhra police chief joins YSR Congress
Former Andhra Pradesh police chief V. Dinesh Reddy Monday joined the YSR Congress.
Dinesh Reddy, who retired as the director general of police (DGP) in September last year, was formally inducted into the party by its chief Y.S. Jaganmohan Reddy at the party office here.
The former IPS officer said he joined the party to serve the people. He said he saw from close quarters the pro-people schemes implemented by late chief minister Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy.
Dinesh Reddy said only Jaganmohan Reddy alone can take the state on the path of development.
1.00 pm:
Congress headed for worst defeat: Karat
The Congress will suffer its worst ever defeat in the Lok Sabha election, CPI-M general secretary Prakash Karat said Monday.
Addressing an election rally in Thiruvananthapuram, Karat said there was "a wave of anger" against the Congress which has ruled India since 2004.
He said that central ministers from Kerala should also be held responsible for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh government's failings including on rising food prices and widespread corruption.
12.30 pm:
Court summons Kejriwal on May 21
A court in New Delhi.
11.42 am:
Not Modi but Gogoi magic will click: Gogoi
"Modi magic will not work here. It is Tarun Gogoi's magic that will work here," Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said Monday.
He made the comment after expressing confidence that the Congress will win all five of the 14 Lok Sabha seats in Assam that saw polling Monday.
11.00 am:
Will shortly get this country up and running; including every group and community: Sushma
10.55 am:
Congress manifesto relies on foreign investment crutches to develop India; we believe in country's strengths: Sushma
10.54 am:
National security is a major issue and has been dealt with extensively in this document. People rely on the new government to reinvigorate the country and the economy, says Jaitley
10.50 am:
This manifesto is neither an electoral ritual nor just paper document; it is a way forward: Narendra Modi
10.40 am:
Water to every field will be government's one of priorities: Joshi
10.32 am:
BJP government will reform tax system to attract investors. Tax Terrorism will be ended and people's woes reduced: Joshi
10.31 am:
Prices have to be contained. Minorities need more opportunities in education and industry: Joshi
10.30 am:
System reforms, corruption with Team India as a concept: M M Joshi.
10.25 am:
Return of Kashmiri pandits to their homeland to live with dignity is our priority area. Problems and demands of refugees from Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK) will be addressed, says BJP
10.24 am:
Will establish gas grid in entire country; optical fibre network; develop satellite systems: BJP
10.22 am:
Rail network will be developed keeping in focus agricultural produce: Joshi
10.20 am:
We'll construct Ram temple within the Constitutional framework: BJP
10.17 am:
Boost to tourism: 50 new tourist circuits, including pilgrimages, to be created
10.08 am:
Rate of growth has fallen during 10 years of UPA rule: Murli Manohar Joshi
10.00 am:
The BJP today released its much-delayed manifesto on a day India began voting for a new government. The main thrust of the 40-page manifesto is economic revival and development for all.
9.00 am:
Malaysian jet may have skirted Indonesian airspace
A Malaysian government official has revealed that the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 avoided Indonesian airspace after leaving Kuala Lumpur, The Sydney Morning Herald reported Monday.
8.15 am:
Polling begins for LS polls in Tripura
Voting for one of the two Lok Sabha seats in Tripura began Monday in the first phase of India's general election, officials said.
Around 1.2 million voters are eligible to vote in the Tripura West constituency. Polling for the Tripura East seat will be held April 12.
7.30 am:
No development in Tamil Nadu, alleges Karuna
DMK president M Karunanidhi on Sunday night alleged that the AIADMK government failed to implement any developmental works and all the industries were suffering from power cuts.
Addressing an election meeting of H Pavithiravalli, DMK candidate from Erode in the April 24 Lok Sabha polls, he said Jayalalithaa's claims of development in various sectors in the state were false.Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon WEBSITE ADD TO Trip Planner Menu features hand-cut steaks; family restaurant; bar Get Directions Gas Calculator The handicapped accessible icon notates listings that are either partially or fully accessible. Please check with the property or properties you’re interested in for specific information. Details Website: Phone: 479-452-7827 Address: 5605 Rogers AvenueFort Smith, AR 72903 Payment Accepted: VisaMasterCardDiscover CardAmerican Express Facilities & Features: Dining Type of Service: Menu Seating Capacity: 250 Accessible Things to Do In Fort Smith EXPLORE Business Closed? Yes No Incorrect Information? Yes No What needs to be changed?Hello!
Hope all is well in the world!
A little update from last time!
I really do believe with hard work, determination and a little self belief you can achieve whatever you want to do in life… dispute our situation… if you out your kind to it you will succeed.
The past few years have been up and down and don’t get me wrong I have felt some rejection but you know what I am so glad now
If this rejection didn’t happen to me I wouldn’t be so motivated to make things work for myself… I fell now I am where I am supposed to be whether I had stargarts or not…I fell I’ve found my fortay!
I love art and so believe it’s my therapy..I get lost in the colours and can’t quite believe I’m selling my work.i feel I have a purpose and have a space that is my own surrounded by metalic’s, shimmer the brightest colours and the whitest canvas’ to go and attack!!!
No matter what you want to do career wise please don’t let this disease beat you.
Yes we take longer to do things, it’s a struggle but the sense of achievement makes the hard work worth it.
The extra challenges we face I see now as and game that I have to complete!
There is and ways a way rou d things.
Forget stigmas and all the rest of it. We are equally if not more valuable to the world…. we have understanding, empathy if others … believe in yourself and push yourself
I’m only saying this as all of a sudden I find my self in a place where about a month ago I took the plunge and began renting my own art stdio space!
When I first got jt I hated the wall paper ha it qas wreck the feng shui…..I painted white emulsion over r the wallpaper ..it began peeling off …it stripped it..there was mould I cleaned and re pai Ted. ..it’s now fresh space!
I believe so much in art therapy… Honestly you could get a little art set of £10…have a go…it’s gare tee you will be sent ro a other world of distraction ha j sound mad but try it and see…. excuse the pun …
If you do I would love to see any pics…I’m really interested in how other v.i folk see …paint what you see…do anything…I’m excited!
I feel very proud! Ive been using my iPad to zoom in on animals and tried some realistic animal portraits!
According to the photos when I zoom back in onto painting they’re working g out well.
I don’t know how .. just paint what I see…I have to zoom into each part of th3 animal and scale it back down onto the page!
It proves difficult from time to time and can be disastrous but hey .God loves a tryer.Ha… And did i mention time consuming ha. I love it though…
I did not know I was a slight perfectionist but i can work on my
painting for hours until I get them right argh!
Here’s some of my latest work..
Also a little independence 😀
Be careful… hivis vest helmet erc♡
- Worldwide Rank #139,633,313
- Follower/Following Ratio 0.49
- Daily New Followers 0
なおやん Twitter Stats
@0110Daichun - Tracking なおやん Twitter profile since August 4, 2015
東中バスケ部2年 バスケ3ポイント☞ステファン ドリブル☞アクィレ パス☞ジノビリ 目指してます✨フォローしてくれたら 必ずかえしまーす！
なおやん's story
なおやん, also known as @0110Daichun has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the 30% percentile for account strength. Active on Twitter since March 2015, なおやん made it to having a respectable 43 Twitter followers and to being ranked 139,633,313 for number of followers among all Twitter users.
The plot thickens when considering なおやん's follower-to-following ratio, which is 0.49.
@0110Daichun doesn't tweet all that much, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 15 since @0110Daichおやん Tweets
@0110Daichun has posted 0 tweets in the last 6 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
なおやん Twitter Followers
@0110Daichun has 43 followers on Twitter.
This account is #139,633,313 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
なおやん Following on Twitter
@0110Daichun is following 88 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account followed 75 users.
なおやん Predictions & Milestones
@0110Daichun will hit 43 followers in the next 3 months, and 43 in one year.
You are on なおやん's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since August 4, 2015 . You can see how many followers なおやん lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare なおやん to yourself ? Or if you are な.Meet SOCOM’s Small Business Director
The U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP) helps small businesses identify prime contracting and subcontracting opportunities within the command. The Office also helps small businesses develop strategies for selling services and products to SOCOM and other DoD agencies.
We talked with SOCOM Small Business Director Chris Harrington to capture his insights about the command and small business contracting trends.
What did you do before becoming SOCOM’s Small Business Director?
I supported acquisition activities at SOCOM for about a year-and-a-half. Before that, I was Chief of Contracts Policy at the U.S. Transportation Command (TRANSCOM). I served 20 years in the Air Force, including 15 years in the acquisition career field.
What is the mission of the SOCOM Office of Small Business Programs?
We ensure that small businesses get a fair opportunity to compete for the command’s contracts, either as a prime contractor or subcontractor.
What do you enjoy the most about the Small Business Professional career field?
I enjoy the opportunity to make a difference. My job includes a variety of responsibilities. I’m at events talking with small businesses, providing information, hearing their concerns and teaching them how they can compete for SOCOM contracts. I explain how we operate, how to do business with us, what we look for in contractors and what procurements are coming down the pike.
I’m kind of like an online dating service. I refer small businesses to large businesses and large businesses to small businesses. I don’t say, “You need to subcontract with company X, Y or Z.” I just say, “Here are some small businesses that you should take a look at,” or “Here are some large businesses you should consider for subcontracting opportunities.”
I help develop acquisition strategies to ensure that small businesses get a fair shake. I try to shape acquisitions so that they are either a small business set-aside or have a robust small business subcontracting program. Market research is key to making sound acquisition strategy decisions.
What must a Small Business Professional do well?
Small Business Professionals must understand what their organization buys and how they buy it. We need to understand the acquisition process and how it affects decisions. In addition, we need to be personable and comfortable speaking in front of large groups.
Small Business Professionals also need to be able to compromise because every acquisition isn’t going to be a small business set-aside. The bottom line is to get the right support to the warfighters.
What attributes in government contractors are highly valued by SOCOM?
It’s tough to get into the command because the competition is fierce. Once you get in and do a good job, it’s like a snowball rolling downhill; you’ll probably get more work. We value industry partners that meet and exceed expectations; this is a tough environment so industry really needs to bring their “A” game.
Are there any misperceptions about how SOCOM awards contracts?
A common misperception is that the command has special rules and waivers and doesn’t have to follow federal acquisition laws and regulations. In fact, we have no special waivers and we follow the same rules as all other acquisition organizations.
How is SOCOM unique?
It’s easy to see how what we do affects the warfighter. If you can’t get motivated here, you can’t get motivated anywhere. We have a proactive culture that figures out how to get the job done. We’re not going to say “no” as long as it is legal, ethical and moral.
Because we’re on the pointy end of the spear, speed and agility are important. We are able to make quick decisions because, for the most part, all of our key decision-makers are located in one building: the Commando Center at MacDill Air Force Base. Within 100 steps, you can get approval for whatever you’re trying to do.
Are there any myths you want to dispel about small business contracting?
We do not award contracts to meet goals. I’d rather miss all of my goals and have the mission be successful than meet all of my goals and have the mission fail.
We do not award contracts based on socioeconomic status. We award contracts based on capabilities. If you are a service-disabled-veteran-owned, women-owned and HUBZone-certified small business, that’s nice, but what are your capabilities? Show us how you are going to help us perform our mission.
How can small businesses learn more about how to do business with SOCOM?
That’s easy. We will meet with anybody any day that we’re at SOCOM. In addition, on Thursdays, we hold office hours at SOFWERX, an unclassified building in downtown Ybor City.
If you want to support SOCOM, call us and talk to us on the phone. If you’re going to be in the Tampa area, schedule an appointment and we’ll carve out an hour to sit with you and chat.
In fiscal year 2016, what percentage of small-business-eligible contract spending did SOCOM award to small businesses?
Our goal was 26 percent and we achieved 30.35 percent.
How do you expect small business contracting to change?
Under small business set-asides, small business prime contractors must perform at least 51 percent of the work under the “limitations on subcontracting” requirement in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219–14. However, a new rule will authorize small business primes to utilize “similarly situated entities” to comply with 52.219–14.
After the new rule takes effect in the FAR, small business prime contractors can use “similarly situated entities” to reach that 51-percent requirement. For example, in a small business set-aside a small business can perform 26 percent of the work and subcontract 25 percent of the work to another small business.
This is a significant regulatory change that will make it easier to justify small business set-aside procurements.
Do you expect more teaming to occur as a result of the rule change?
You may see more teaming, but the bigger point is that the prime doesn’t have to do more than half of the work. The prime can subcontract to one or more companies that are similarly situated entities to meet the limitations-on-subcontracting requirement. It opens up the aperture to increase small business set-aside opportunities.
We are waiting for the FAR to be updated with the new “similarly situated entities” rule.
Are there any SOCOM small business subcontracting opportunities that you want to highlight?
On some of our larger contracts, we use small business mandates instead of goals. For example, our Global Logistics Support Services contract, which is worth about $9 billion, includes a 35-percent small business mandate for work performed in the Continental United States (CONUS). This will equate to a large portion of work being required to be subcontracted to small businesses — we estimate about $2 billion over the life of the contract.
Let’s say a large business is awarded a $1 million prime contract. In our example, the prime contractor subcontracts $100,000 of that $1 million contract. Under a 35-percent small business goal, 35 percent of that $100,000, or $35,000, should be subcontracted to small businesses. It’s a goal. The prime contractor doesn’t have to meet it. Under a 35-percent small business mandate, 35 percent of $1 million, or $350,000, must be subcontracted to small businesses. It’s not optional. The mandate ensures that small businesses get an opportunity to perform and gain valuable experience as a subcontractor to build past performance so they can potentially later compete as a prime.
When you’re not at work, what do you like to do?
On weekends, I take my dog, Bo, to a local dog beach.
Bo, a Chihuahua-Jack Russell Terrier mix, is high energy. He’s either a hundred-miles-an-hour or zero. He’s either sleeping or bouncing off the walls.
What is the best advice you received from a mentor?
Always give your best effort. If you say you’re going to do something: do it. Be a team player with a positive attitude. Attitude in large part will determine your altitude — how high you progress in your career.
Name one thing about yourself that most people don’t know.
Before I joined the Air Force, I was a Sports Director and DJ for the Royal Caribbean Cruise Line. We traveled all over the Caribbean. Bermuda and Barbados were my favorite islands. It was a lot of fun to see the different islands and enjoy the great weather and people.
When you were a DJ, what song was most likely to move people to the dance floor?
We’re going back a ways, but Hot, Hot, Hot always got passengers up and dancing. Billy Jean was another winner.
Contact Mr. Harrington
Mr. Harrington can be reached at christopher.harrington@socom.mil and 813–826–9475.
Subscribe
Email osd.business.defense@mail.mil with “subscribe” in the subject line to receive important policy updates from DoD OSBP.Emirates serves more than 100 million meals a year with the same attention to detail in First, Business and Economy Class. They cater for more than 55 million dine-in guests a year travelling to and from 144 cities across the six continents. They serve destination-inspired cuisine onboard the world’s largest flying restaurant focusing on local flavor. For example a passenger flying to and from Sri Lanka can experience Tamarind chicken curry with moongkiribath and seenisambol, Mysore masala dosa, chicken curry with lemon grass with Sri Lankan roti, Idli Upma, Pol sambol and lunu miris.
If you are heading to Japan they offer authentic Kaiseki cuisine and Bento boxes served with Japanese crockery, cutlery and tea sets to ensure an unrivalled food experience on board. If you are headed down under the menu offers.
Not only do they offer amazing region based foods they offer seasonal food items by reviewing their recipes monthly like Christmas menu in December and specially created boxes for those fasting during the holy month of Ramadan. . The bread baskets offer flavored breads or breads produced with a sourdough base are popular on European routes while parathas, pooris, and naan bread are served on all nine Emirates routes to India.. They focus on offering simple, well cooked dishes using high quality fresh ingredients. Emirates has been serving tea from Sri Lanka’s iconic Dilmah brand across all its cabins for the last 25 years. Over 9.6 million tea bags are used each year with more than 10 tea varieties on offer, including an exclusive blend created for the airline served in First Class called the Emirates Signature Tea.Donald P. Bellisario
Stats
Birth Name: Donald Paul Bellisario
Age: 82, born 8 August 1935
Born and residing in:
United States
Height: 6' 2"
Relationship Status: Married
Partner: Vivienne Bellisario
Lists
5 votesHollywood Walk of Fame - B (179 items)
list by filmbuilder
Published 3 years, 5 months ago
View all Donald P. Bellisario lists
Photos
View all Donald P. Bellisario pictures
TV written by
Most popular
Top rated
Most recent
TV directed by
Most popular
Top rated
Most recent
TV
Most popular
Top rated
Most recent
Movies written by
Movies directed by
.
Discount Street Jackets More in the Main Store.
2117 of Sweden Bjorkliden Fleece - Women's
Comp. At: $109.95 On Sale: $54.95
Size: Small (36), Medium (38), Large (40), X-Large (42)
2117 of Sweden Kabdalis Jacket - Women's
Size: Small (36), Medium (38), Large (40)Comp. At: $149.95 On Sale: $74.95
2117 of Sweden Oland Jacket - Women's
Comp. At: $129.95 On Sale: $64.95
Size: Small (36), Medium (38), Large (40), X-Large (42)
2117 of Sweden Safsen Ski Jacket - Women's
Size: X-Small (34)Comp. At: $119.95 On Sale: $59.95
Arbor Autumn Jacket - Women's
Size: SmallReg: $128.00 On Sale: $50.95
Burton Ambrosia Softshell - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $149.95 On Sale: $74.95
Burton Bedford Jacket - Women's
Reg: $119.95 On Sale: $59.95
Size: X-Small, Medium, Large
Burton Boyce Jacket - Women's
Reg: $99.95 On Sale: $49.95
Size: Small, Medium
Burton Caster Jacket - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $299.95 On Sale: $149.95
Burton Caster Jacket - Women's
Size: X-Small, Small, Medium, LargeReg: $299.95 On Sale: $149.95
Burton Fenix Jacket - Women's
Reg: $99.95 On Sale: $49.95
Size: Small, Medium
Burton Greenville Jacket - Women's
Reg: $109.95 On Sale: $24.95
Size: Medium
Burton Harvey Jacket - Women's
Reg: $78.95 On Sale: $16.95 - $17.95
Size: X-Small, Small, Medium, Large Regent Jacket - Women's
Size: Small, Medium, LargeReg: $299.95 On Sale: $149.95
Burton Sadie Jacket - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $139.95 On Sale: $69.95
Burton Sloan Jacket - Women's
Size: X-Small, MediumReg: $99.95 On Sale: $39.95
Burton Soteil Softshell - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $124.95 On Sale: $61.95
Burton Twilight Jacket - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $144.95 On Sale: $35.95
Columbia Kruser Ridge Softshell Jacket - Women's
Reg: $115.00 On Sale: $44.95 - $45.95
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
Forum Discrete Softshell Jacket - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $149.95 On Sale: $44.95
Hi-Tec Cruise Trail Parka Jacket - Women's
Reg: $139.95 On Sale: $55.95
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large
Hi-Tec Fire Island Fleece Jacket - Women's
Size: LargeReg: $69.95 On Sale: $34.95
Holden Goodwin Cape Jacket - Women's
Size: MediumReg: $500.00 On Sale: $199.95
Kjus Cosmopolitan Down Jacket - Women's
Size: LargeReg: $1398.95 On Sale: $320.95
Lole Michelle Jacket - Women's
Size: 6, 8Reg: $119.95 On Sale: $32.95
Mountain Hardwear Beemer Softshell - Women's
Reg: $175.00 On Sale: $69.95
Size: X-Small, Small, Medium, Large, X-Large
Mountain Hardwear Nazca Jacket - Women's
Size: X-Small, Small, Large, X-LargeReg: $250.00 On Sale: $99.95
Mountain Hardwear Plasmic Jacket - Women's
Reg: $280.00 On Sale: $111.95
Size: X-Small, Small, Medium, Large, X
Ride Shacket Snowboard Jacket - Women's
Reg: $89.95 On Sale: $14.95
Size: X-Small
Woolrich Westline Jacket - Women's
Size: Small, MediumReg: $188.95 On Sale: $66.95- 
comics and pricingJanuary 13, 2009
Sunday while grocery shopping, I happened across Wolverine & the X-Men Magazine, issue 1. Flipped through it, curious…and ultimately bought it. For only 1.5 times the price of all of Marvel’s mini-series and many of their “regular” books, this magazine contained the contents of 4 comics, plus a Mini-Marvels strip. Wolverine & Kitty Pride: First Class #1; an issue of X-Men: First Class, plus the original Incredible Hulk #s 180 & 181–the story that introduced the world to the Wolverine.
so, two “modern” comics’ contents, two reprints of classic issues, and a mini Marvels strip. NONE of which I’d read previously. So really, one of the greatest values I’ve gotten for buying something “new” at “cover price.”
And it’s got me thinking. I would really, REALLY like to see Marvel AND DC do something like this for brand new material. Give us a magazine with 3-4 issues’ worth of content plus a reprint or two (ideally, relevant in some way or theme to the new materil). And then at the end of a story arc, collect JUST that story into its own volume. Give me an X-magazine with Astonishing X-Men, Uncanny X-Men, and reprint, say, from Giant-Size X-Men #1 and 1991’s X-Men #1. Two current, one line of reprint stories going WAAAY back, and one line of reprint stories going back to the early 1990s. A second X-magazine could cover Young X-Men, X-Factor, and Cable, with reprints of 1990s’ issues from X-Factor, X-Force, or Cable–heck, do a run of New Mutants from Cable’s first appearance and follow that to X-Force. Alternate months or story arcs.
Another magazine could include Iron Man and Captain America current stuff, while reprinting classic Iron Man and Cap stories (Demon in a Bottle for Iron Man, maybe go back to early Cap & Falcon issues; or late-80s/early-90s Cap stuff). Thor and Incredible Herc could have a magazine, with reprints of classic Avengers stories or solo Thor stuff, and the classic Hercules mini-series or such. An Avengers magazine could do New and Mighty Avengers plus Initiative, with reprints of classic Avengers.
Or just do all the new stuff by “family.” Give me a $10-$15 volume with all of the month’s X-books (Uncanny X-Men, Astonishing X-Men, X-Factor, X-Force, Young X-Men, X-Men: Legacy, as a Shonen Jump style thing (cover’s flimsy paper, interior’s newsprint) (well, at that quality, make the volume $10-$12, max). 6 issues’ content for the price of 3-4. Yeah, someone only wanting to buy one title would have to pay more just to read that title, but someone interested in a couple would get more bang for their buck. Then when the twice-yearly wrap-up happens, put out a new volume of Astonishing X-Men collecting ONLY “Astonishing X-Men” without the other titles. Someone buying monthly gets more books in one volume for cheaper; those waiting for the trade anyway can still do so.
G.I. Joe #1 from IDW comes out tomorrow. Part of me really wants to buy it. But, I do NOT want to “support” the $3.99 price point, NOR the ridiculous variants. The idea of 3 (or even 2 with a mini-series) ongoing Joe titles is very appealing, and the concept interesting. But at $4/issue when I may not even be able to get the cover I’d want (and the issue itself would be promoting the other variants and the uber-rare retailer-sell-your-left-arm-exclusive variants)…….it’s the principle of the thing.
Maybe if the collected volumes are reasonably priced.
Still, a bummer to have a title of no little interest that I’ve gotta avoid on my own principle.
Back-issuesDecember 29, 2008
I really need to establish and then maintain a list of back-issues that I’m interested in.
Went to a comic store today for the final day of an “end of the year sale,” in which all back issues were anywhere from 25% to 90% off. Still missing a couple issues of Robin between 112 and 120, but darned if I can remember WHICH couple. Plus, there are–I know–a number of other “runs” with a few holes to be plugged (Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight 1-80ish, Green Lantern 90s series 1-50ish, Batman: Shadow of the Bat, Incredible Hulk 400-465ish, etc and so on).
Wound up getting a couple issues of the “Merdude &” mini from the Archie TMNT line (apparently signed by Dan Berger?), cuz I do want to complete my Archie TMNT collection.
Picked up Kingdom Come #4, completing the singles in my collection.
Nabbed Green Lantern vs. Aliens 1-4, as that’s a story I’ve been interested in for quite awhile (and furthering my quest to read all of the DC vs. Aliens and DC vs. Predator or DC vs. Aliens/Predator stories).
Finally, picked up Astonishing X-Men #3. This was the final issue of the mini-series from late summer/early fall 1999, wrapping up the “The Shattering” story where Xavier disbanded the X-Men, and featuring the “death” of Wolverine. I’d picked up the first 2 issues as they came out, but this third issue sold out before I was able to get a copy back in ’99, and has eluded me for 8 years or so–I’d held off buying it before, waiting for a sle like this one.
I’d actually forgotten what enjoyment can be found hunting for specific issues.
Christmas cheer? Blogging while bummedDecember 16, 2008
It’s 9 days ’til Christmas.
But it doesn’t even begin to FEEL like it.
I just feel cold and tired toward stuff…it’s like the consumerism/commercialism has taken over. And between work and the downhill trend the last few months in my social arena…the sheer DISCONNECT from people…it just feels like I’m slogging through life, regardless of what month it is or some important day approaching.
I find myself alternatingly frustrated and disgusted with Christmas music–just so totally NOT in the mood for it–and yet part of me wishes that I were.
I’m sick and tired of “society” at large seeking to shape what I’m supposed to be, think, say, DO. Christmas, AND other stuff.
Tomorrow’s Wednesday. New Comic Day…which means back to writin’ some reviews.
Sad thought? Comics have been a constant in my life longer than any person outside immediate family.
advertisingDecember 14, 2008
For the last couple months, I’ve lost track of just how many of my (DC) comics have had a four-page ad right in the center of the comic. Now, the first couple weeks, it was a simple matter to grip the thing, give a quick yank, and out the ads came with the comic itself none the worse for it.
The third week, I yanked, and ripped the adjoining pages.
They had not only stapled the ad in as any other pages/ads usually would be….BUT had also GLUED the ad TO the other pages. So that one is FORCED to leave the ad in, unless they want to rip out 4ish pages of actual comic.
To ME, that says that they know people (might) rip ’em out and such, and are specifically taking action to force people to leave ’em in.
Quite frustrating.
Comic Book creator creditsDecember 5, 2008
I’ve been filling in my reviews templates with the creator credits for comics I’m going to review this week. Came to Justice Society of America #21, and scoured the issue thrice before determining that it did NOT, in fact, include any creator credits. So I went to DC Comics’ website and found a brief writer/artist/cover credit (which leaves out colorist, letterer, assistant/associate editor, and editor). Then noticed they had a PDF preview available–found the credits there: in a dark grey on black that I could barely make out (double-checked that page in my print edition, and it’s just a solid black bar).
I’ve also noticed of late that both DC and Marvel tend to NOT list the Cover artist/inker/colorist anymore (for years, actually). Whenever I do reviews of Marvel or DC books, I tend to have to go to their websites to see who they list for the covers.
When I recently wrote up reviews of the original “Death of Superman” comics, I noticed that with the letters pages they always listed who did the covers; I also recall early in my reviewing back in ’04, DC used to list the cover credits on the last page of the issue with the “next issue” cover preview and other “house ad” stuff.
It just seems strange to me that the cover creators are often left out altogether, and even that an issue would ship out with the entirety of its creator credits not showing.).[Chorus: x2] rice with that?
I mean I want some ice with that
No soda, where your owner?
Get your license backWith more than 50 funds available across U.S. and foreign exchanges, we are recognized as a leader in providing intelligent investment solutions for our clients.
Smart Core ETFs serve as key portfolio building blocks that seek to deliver smarter exposure to specific risk factors or geographies. This family includes the Scientific Beta multi-factor ETFs, which target value, momentum, size, and low volatility, and the Next Emerging & Frontier ETF which targets high growth potential developing nations.
Offering solutions to investors seeking to increase or diversify their portfolios’ income, the Income family includes our SuperDividend® ETFs, which invest in among the highest dividend-yielding securities in the world. It also features our suite of alternative MLPs & Energy ETFs and our Preferred ETFs.
This family of ETFs targets companies that may benefit from structural changes in people and demographics, technology and innovation, and natural resources, along with companies that exhibit a particular set of desirable values.
The family of International Access ETFs provides direct exposure to specific markets around the globe, ranging from Asia, Latin America, and Europe to Frontier Markets.
With the goal of delivering market-beating total returns by following methodologies backed by academic research, this family consists of the Global X Guru® Index ETF and the Founder-Run Companies ETF.
Seeking to reduce or manage volatility to guide investors through changing market environments, this family includes tactical allocation strategies like our JPMorgan Efficiente Index ETF and JPMorgan U.S. Sector Rotator Index ET.
Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the funds. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.Discussion in 'New Member Introduction' started by mjbhog, Aug 3, 2011.
Just got on here on my third Harley:newsmile026:
Welcome and enjoy your ride here!
Welcome aboard from Canada. Enjoy the forum and your new ride.
Welcome my brother! So glad to have you on board with us! You have joined the BEST SITE hands down for Harley knowledge and general info. My time here I have saved a large amount of money because there are MODERATORS and MEMBERS who will do everything to walk you through step by step to fix your bike and you will learn in the process. No joke, use this site to your advantage! The PEOPLE in here are fantastic! :ws
***A warm welcome from Southern Kentucky!!!***
Welcome to the Forum from Virginia
:wce
Ride Safe!!!
wilks3
:USA
Thanks and welcome home brother!!
Mike
Nam 70 -71, US Army
Welcome from Woodstock, Georgia, northwest of Atlanta!
:cheers
Be sure to take a few minutes to read through this and your stay here will be long and pleasant!
HD Talking Rules - Harley Davidson Community
Welcome to the 4M from Indiana...........
Welcome aboard from Central Florida!
Bodeen
Separate names with a comma.Drug-related violent and property crimes often occur within the HIDTA region as distributors, particularly street gang members, protect their distribution operations and abusers seek funds to sustain their addictions. Drug distributors often commit violent crimes, including assault and homicide, to maintain control of local drug markets. For instance, officials with the Knox County Sheriff's Office in Tennessee report that territorial violence among street gangs in their jurisdiction is increasing; the officials also report that the majority of homicides in the county occur in areas with high levels of street gang activity and drug distribution. Metropolitan Drug Enforcement Network officials in Charleston, West Virginia, report continued high levels of violence among street gangs operating in their area, primarily street gangs that distribute crack cocaine. Cocaine, methamphetamine, and prescription drug abusers and distributors often commit crimes such as retail fraud, burglary, robbery, and theft to obtain drugs or money to purchase drugs. Moreover, according to the National Drug Intelligence Center (NDIC) National Drug Threat Survey (NDTS) 2007, 13 of the 34 local law enforcement agencies in the Appalachia HIDTA that responded to the NDTS 2007 identified crack cocaine as the drug that most contributed to violent crime in their jurisdictions, and 12 out of 34 report prescription drugs as the drug that most contributed to property crime.
To Top To Contents
Marijuana is the primary illicit substance identified in treatment admissions to publicly funded facilities in Kentucky, Tennessee, and West Virginia. According to data from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) Treatment Episode Data Set (TEDS), the number of marijuana-related treatment admissions in Kentucky, Tennessee, and West Virginia from 2002 through 2006 (the latest year for which such data are available) exceeded the number of treatment admissions for cocaine, prescription drugs (including other opiates, tranquilizers, and sedatives), heroin, and amphetamines (including methamphetamine). (See Table 2 in Appendix A.) TEDS data reveal that the number of treatment admissions for marijuana, cocaine, and prescription drug abuse increased between 2005 and 2006. Cocaine-related treatment admissions in 2006 (5,982) were almost equivalent to marijuana-related treatment admissions (6,029).
Diverted pharmaceutical drugs are widely available and frequently abused throughout the Appalachia HIDTA region. The most commonly abused pharmaceuticals are prescription narcotics, such as Vicodin and Lortab (hydrocodone products), methadone, and OxyContin (oxycodone). CNS depressants, including Xanax (alprazolam) and Valium (diazepam)--both benzodiazepines--are also abused. State medical examiner data reveal that users are abusing illicit drugs in combination with prescription narcotics, primarily methadone; such combinations are emerging as a leading cause of drug-related deaths in the region. Methadone has been used primarily in opioid addiction treatment for the past 50 years; however, its use in management of certain types of pain has steadily increased since the late 1990s.
Heroin availability and abuse, while low, are rising in the Appalachia HIDTA region, particularly in West Virginia HIDTA counties. Additionally, heroin use is rising among young Caucasian abusers who previously abused prescription narcotics; they are switching from prescription narcotics, particularly OxyContin, to Mexican black tar heroin because the cost of Mexican black tar heroin is lower. For example, a dosage unit of Mexican black tar heroin sold for approximately $50 during 2007 in Huntington, while a dosage unit of OxyContin sold for $80 to $100 during the same period. Moreover, FBI analysis of Mexican black tar heroin samples acquired in Huntington revealed that the heroin was 70 to 80 percent pure. Additionally, officials from the FBI Huntington Violent Crime/Drug Task Force report that the increased abuse of Mexican black tar heroin caused over 40 drug-related overdoses in Huntington, West Virginia, between March 2007 and March 2008, 14 of which resulted in death; only two heroin-related overdoses were reported in the area from 2000 through March 2007.
To Top To Contents
Illicit drug proceeds generated at the wholesale level and sometimes at the midlevel in the Appalachia HIDTA region are typically laundered by traffickers through bulk cash smuggling. Mexican DTOs transport bulk cash using private vehicles from the Appalachia HIDTA region to Atlanta and then to the Southwest Border area for eventual smuggling into Mexico. Traffickers also launder illicit drug proceeds through real estate investments, cash-intensive front businesses, and the purchase of luxury items; some traffickers also exploit casinos in the region to launder illicit funds. Moreover, law enforcement officials report that some family-based criminal groups hide drug proceeds in bulk, using the cash as needed to make purchases, rather than using banks or government institutions, which they generally distrust.
To Top To Contents
Mexican DTOs will become more entrenched in the Appalachia HIDTA region, particularly in Tennessee. They will provide increasing amounts of cocaine, marijuana, methamphetamine, and heroin to the HIDTA region through distribution networks they have established to service drug markets in the eastern United States. Moreover, Mexican DTOs will most likely capitalize on the remote nature of the region and its generally favorable growing climate to expand their domestic cannabis cultivation operations.
Cannabis cultivation in the Appalachia HIDTA region will continue at high levels, particularly in remote outdoor areas where Caucasian criminal groups and independent dealers have established long-standing, entrenched growing operations. Cultivation sites will pose increasing hazards to law enforcement officials and passersby, the result of intensified efforts on the part of grow site operators to protect their crops from discovery, thievery, and increased eradication through the use of violence and booby traps.
Heroin availability and abuse will most likely increase in the Appalachia HIDTA region, particularly among young Caucasians and prescription narcotics abusers who are being drawn to the drug by its lower price and high potency. Mexican black tar heroin will very likely be the primary type of heroin abused in the region in the near term, unless Mexican DTOs increase their distribution of SA heroin in the area. Additionally, the consequences associated with heroin abuse--including associated crimes and treatment costs--will rise in the HIDTA region, compounding the threat posed by the drug.
To Top To Contents To Previous Page To Appendix A
To Publications Page To Home Page
UNCLASSIFIED
End of page.Internship
SANDS conduct various Internship programs in Embedded Systems (ARM; Raspberry Pi; Arduino) & Big Data (Hadoop) with focus on bridging the gap between the university curriculum and industry’s requirement for ready-to-design engineers at Chennai.
Why Internship?
An internship is the best way to learn practical knowledge in the chosen domain. By doing an internship, one will either gain experience in practical area or learn new skills or add value to the existing technical expertise in the said domain.
Who can attend this Internship?
- Students pursuing their graduation in Engineering in 2nd, 3rd and final year from the departments of ECE/EIE/ EEE/ICE/Mechatronics/Biomedical/CSE/IT
- Passed out Engineering graduates from the department of ECE/EIE/EEE/ICE/Mechatronics/ Biomeddical/CSE/IT
- Graduates & Students who are intrested to switch to respective technical domain from their current domain for improving their career enhancement.
Internship Process
- Winter Internship
- Summer Internship
Winter Internship
Students who are pursuing their graduation & passed out graduates from above respective domain can apply for Internship. This program is available between October to January.
Duration: 1 week / 2 weeks / 4 weeks
Summer Internship
Students who are pursuing their graduation & passed out graduates from above respective domain can apply for Internship. This program is available between April to July.
Duration: 1 week / 2 weeks / 4 weeks
Internship Venue
Internship shall happen at SANDS, Industrial unit located at SIPCOT IT Park, Siruseri, OMR Road, Chennai.
Internship Charges
Under this Internship Process the candidates have to pay one time Registration Fee per head. Apart from this they have to pay a minimum charges for the said Domain & Duration of the Internship Program
Internship Certification
All the candidates who successfully complete the evaluation process under this Internship Program shall get “INTERNSHIP CERTIFICATE” for the said duration.Tuesday, November 1, 2011
LG DoublePlay Unboxing Now Up on Wirefly
Posted by Jon Westfall in "LG Android Phones" @ 04:30 PM
"If you've been looking for an LG DoublePlay unboxing you can thank the folks over at Wirefly who have just posted their own unboxing video of the dual-screen smartphone."
Curious about this android odyssey known as the DoublePlay? Check out Wirefly's unboxing for a peek!Spacious, comfortable guestrooms with modern furniture and complimentary high-speed Internet access await guests at La Quinta Inn & Suites Tacoma, an affordable Tacoma lodging option for business and leisure guests. There is banquet space for up to 400 guests, a conference center, a business center and meeting facilities for those in town for work, whereas an on-site restaurant, a lounge, a fitness center and an indoor pool offer space for relaxation. La Quinta Inn & Suites Tacoma is near downtown Tacoma, less than a mile from the Tacoma Dome, McKinley Park and the Tacoma Amtrak Station.
Book Now: La Quinta Inn & Suites TacomaFacebook Tweet Linkedin Pinterest Google +Stock Graphic >> Illustration - Chef Cook Arm Out Spatula Shield Car 187445 by patrimonio @ CreativeMarket
File Size: 1.92 MB; Vector: Yes.
Illustration of a chef cook baker arms out holding spatula looking up to the side set inside shield crest on isolated background done in cartoon style.
The zipped file includes editable vector EPS, hi-res JPG and PNG image.
Keywords: chef, cook, baker, hat, holding, spatula, looking up, arms out, side, food worker, man, male, worker, isolated, illustration, artwork, graphic, cartoon, shield, crest.The Senate has referred an inquiry into whistleblower protections in the corporate, public and not-for-profit sectors to the Joint Parliamentary Committee on Corporations and Financial Services for report by 30 June 2017.
The inquiry will examine the development and implementation in the corporate, public and not-for-profit sectors of whistleblower protections, taking into account the substance and detail of that contained in the Registered Organisation Commission (ROC) legislation passed by the Parliament in November 2016.
The Committee will report on its findings by the end of June 2017.
As part of its negotiations over the passage of the Fair Work (Registered Organisations) Amendment Bill 2014 the Government agreed to support the inquiry with a view to the Government introducing legislation into Parliament by December 2017 and Parliament voting on the legislation by no later than 30 June 2018.Westside Westside Tech phlebotomy training, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the phlebotomy department for course registration deadlines, and phlebotomist program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Westside Goucher College medical..
57 minutes ago Patient Care Technician -Inpatient Hospice
Tucson Medical Center
Nursing program or completed two semesters of clinicals in an accredited BSN nursing program. Our inpatient Hospice unit is a beautiful 16 bed facility that..
4 hours ago Branch Manager
Cross Country Healthcare
Cross Country Healthcare is looking for top talent to join our team We are a leader in the healthcare staffing industry with a primary focus on providing
1 hour ago Quality Assurance Nurse
VIVA Pediatrics
Keep nursing documentation/paperwork. Pediatric Home Health agency looking for a Quality Assurance Nurse in the Fort Worth office.
3 hours agoA simple, utilitarian stool. The OTS Stools are made from low cost, easily accessible materials, and were designed with the form follows function ethos. A great piece of contemporary design, ideal for those looking to use everyday materials in an unusual way! The legs can be finished in any colour you require, or left un-finished as the chipboard seats have been.Photo by Ryan Ozawa of Lost fansite The Transmission.
I like to run through a little thought experiment sometimes, one that starts with a deserted island like the one on that infernal but addictive show Lost. People appear on this hypothetical island against their will via boat wreck, Dharma Initiative-sponsored teleportation, or whatever, and find themselves scattered, equally + evenly isolated from one another.
Question is, what would these poor people do next? Answers could polarize along two camps: the misanthropes, who would have our survivors live happily alone in their little kingdoms; and the utopians, who would have them build a perfect hippie commune of harmony, at least until the black smoke got to them.
Then there's the levels of gray in between where the real answers lie. I still can't imagine how this scenario would ultimately turn out years on — I usually get distracted, or just have a big orange helicopter rescue them all — but I do know I'd do what any sensible person in trouble would: I'd start looking for other people, quick. Once I found everyone else, I'd probably help build a makeshift village. Then all this "I, I, I" would become "we, we, we," as in we would stockpile resources, we would share know-how, we would put our brains together to find a way off the island.
I used to live in Yokohama, and when taking the bullet train to (say) Kyoto I'd stare at the speeding landscape and idly compare the small towns of my native Southern California, with their sprawl and relative isolation, to the ones before me in Japan, which looked more like tight little clusters sitting in oceans of farmland. I've seen similar clusters in other, older cultures, and it's easy to see their origins + what they signify: once upon a time, villagers had to stick together, pooling resources in order to thrive. In other words, they are evidence of an original survival instinct from long ago.
Seeing the sprawl of today, I struggle. Where does sprawl fit in the human experience? What instinct does it represent? The whole Wild West lay conquered at our feet, ready to be reshaped into any form we wished, and we wound up creating strip malls and eight-lane "local" roads. Do those things represent our innate capitalist urges, the desire for an ever-better life, more independence, rewards for a job well done? Maybe so. Sure, I live in a big city, but I like my individual luxuries just like anyone else: I like my scooter and its private parking spot; I like to come home from the nonstop social exchange at work and not have to chit-chat with others in my community; I like having plenty of quiet alone time in which to gather my thoughts.
And yet there's this nagging nostalgia for small towns, that old clustering instinct. Maybe it's a yearning for days when our individual wisdom wasn't so compartmentalized; maybe we just wish our problems were more immediate (stockpile the coconuts) and not so indirect (curb child obseity). But the fact is: we have all the coconuts we need. The island is infinite, so to speak, and the thought experiment collapses. Information is our collective resource today, and we cluster, mostly in urban city areas, to share + strengthen it. So again, what to make of sprawl? What does it mean if our hypothetical island survivors never meet, content to customize their home theaters in isolation? My gut (and the guts of many others) believe that cities hold the true innovation, which implies that sprawl does not. But that's a little harsh. With all physical resource needs taken care of, does sprawl represent the obsolescence of the survival instinct?Click to Zoom in
Fellowes Wrist Massage Mouse Pads - View Complete Details
Product Number: 82516
This product is sold out and we do not know when we will be getting another shipment. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Check similar items below to see if a replacement product is available.
Fellowes Wrist Massage Mouse Pads - Wrist massage mouse pad is a spa sensation for the wrist. Soothing Comfort Spheres flex up or down to support and massage your wrist while you work. Adjust flex tension and height to your own needs for the ultimate personal fit. Nonskid bottom ensures stability during use.Still have a question? Click to ask a Question
Help out our customers.
Be the first to write a review.
Do you have questions about this product?
Get answers from real customers and in-house experts with AnswerBox.
Q:Is it battery operated?
1 answer
A:The Fellowes Mouse Pad is not electronic. The massage feeling comes from moving your wrist along the comfort spheres during normal mouseIT Cosmetics Vitality Flush Lipstick Trio
In Stock
Sold Out
We're sorry, this product is not available at this time. Use the search bar to find similar items.
This item is available through Advanced Order. It will be shipped the week commencing .
Low Stock
- 1 x Je Ne Sais Quoi (3.4g) - sheer pink flush
- 1 x Love Story (3.4g) - rich pink flush
- 1 x Pretty Woman (3.4g) - sheer berry flush
- Apply directly to your lips from the tube
- Smooth in with your fingers or apply with a brush for precision.Model #: 22190
Cooks 10-Cup Thermal Programmable Coffee Maker
Limited Warranty Included
Additional Protection Plans
- $7$7
Select your options to see availability
Quantity
Cooks 10-Cup Thermal Programmable Coffee Maker
Product Description
With the 10-Cup Thermal Programmable Coffee Maker, you can wake up to fresh coffee every day. Program your coffee up to 24 hours in advance, and the double-walled, stainless steel, thermal carafe will lock in fresh, hot flavor for hours. A reusable permanent filter basket offers a sustainable alternative to paper filters, and the LCD-display is easy to program and read.
- 950-watt brewing system
- Easy-to read backlit LCD display
- Programmable up to 24 hours in advance—wake up to fresh coffee
- Pause and serve feature allows quick pours while brewing
- Sustainable and reusable permanent filter basket, no more paper filters. Includes measuring spoon
- Double wall stainless steel
- Thermal carafe keeps the flavor fresh and the coffee hot for hours
- 11.02x8.82x15.55"H
- Stainless steel/plastic
- Imported
webID: 7805072
When things just go from bad to worse…
Tonight is the last shift before rest days and I will be so glad to be home before it all goes round again.
I love my job. I really do. I joined to help people and I still work on the ethic of
treat people how you would want to be treated
It makes sense. Think about it. Put yourself in the others shoes.
The Winsor report has done nothing to officers but bring the morale down even more than it should. I am sure if he was a serving officer he would understand more about what we are about.
We work shifts and so we don’t get much downtime in between with friends and family and so it can be quite an unsociable career in some respects, on the other hand it can be sociable with the people you work with. Don’t get me wrong, there are some you wouldn’t pee on if they were on fire, others are colleagues and others are friends, but at the end of the day we work as a team.
The Winsor report is going to make it so much harder to be who we want to be.
We would all love to be tip top fit, and some manage it, others don’t have the adequate down time to themselves to do the fitness, so are the job going to give ‘downtime’ to do training as they have in the armed forces and fire service? I think fitness is paramount for front line policing especially in this day and age, but by decreasing the amount we take home will cause a deficit for bills and less money to belong to a gym or a club.
We all talk of the publics human rights but where are ours to have the time and ability to do these things?
The police seem quite focused, as they should on human rights for the public, but it comes to light that we don’t always practice what we preach.
An example is where officers have had to sit on a seal for a crime, and it stays on for sometime, but there are no facilities for the officers made open to them. We are talking about the very basics of having no where to go to the toilet, or to heat up a meal or to even stretch their legs. Female officers have been advised to buy a ‘shewee’ in order to save embarrassment rather than the usual, but what if it was a different call of nature? What then? Are we supposed to tell officers to find a bush for that?! Surely not! If a seal is put on and facilities are not there then surely a ‘portaloo’ of some description should be made available? If we did that to the general public there would be outcry.
We have had our social clubs, canteens and gym equipment taken away and yet they want us to be looking after ourselves better. I know a lot of officers who suffer with IBS and IBD due to the inability to be able to keep to a healthy lifestyle and diet. Keeping us in the service until we are sixty isn’t going to help.
Then there are officer numbers.
It has been known that the goalposts often get changed when it suits, for example, a student officer when tutored will not be counted unless push comes to shove and minimal staffing becomes an issue, therefore you are left with perhaps two officers for the whole shift, one of which may only be in their first day or week. How is that fair on both the public or staff?
I will reiterate that I do love my career and the opinions that I write are only mine and no reflection of my employers but I ask of you- The majority of us work very hard under very hard circumstances- it may be a fatal RTC, a sudden death, a domestic, or public order that we have to attend- we treat people with the respect that they deserve so we are only asking that you put yourselves in our shoes and think ‘how would we want to be treated?’
It just seems to be going from bad to worse………
Average civilian has no idea what police work entails. The stress, confrontations & things which are not ‘nice’. Therefore they have little sympathy; they have their own problems to deal with. Maybe the police need a union – their existing federations etc. seem to lack political nous. That would certainly chime with the public.0
How to buy Best Android Apps and Games: appreskin
submitted 4 months ago, Wednesday, Oct 4, 2017, 00:04:25 by appngamereskin in Technology / Science
After purchasing a new Android device, either it is a tablet or a smartphone; we then turn to the marketplace in search to download of the best Android games and apps. There are various on-line directories available that have very broad lists, some better than others. Generally these lists are
rated 0 times (+0) (-0) - comments: 0 - hits: 71 - appreskin.livejournal.com
There are no comments for this article.
Only authorized users can leave comments. Please sign in first, or register a free account.Set 1.3 km from Sochi Discovery World Aquarium, 2.2 km from Amfibius Water Park and 7 km from Novy Vek Shopping Centre, Apartamenty na Lenina offers accommodation located in Adler. Free WiFi is available in this apartment, situated 7 km from Saint Sarkis Cathedral and 8 km from Yuzhnye Kultury Park.
The apartment has 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with a shower. A flat-screen TV is featured.
The apartment offers a terrace.
Adler-Arena Skating Centre is 10 km from Apartamenty na Lenina. The nearest ...airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 5 km from the property.Postaday2011-On Occupy Wall Street, Food Service, and Richard Rahl 08 Saturday Oct 2011 Posted by Antigone's Clamor in Life, Politics, postaday2011, The Economy ≈ 2 Comments So just to let you guys know…the anxious refreshing of my gmail account has temporarily ceased! I have an interview invitation for one of the nursing programs I applied to for October 24th (the day after my 21st). Right now, I am one nervous and thankful girl!! Hopefully, there will be a second invitation coming next week! On another note, I’ve been enjoying reading about Occupy Wall Street, especially since I’m part of the 99%. Many of you, I’m sure, will be disappointed over my ambivalence, but I truly sympathize with my fellow 99 percenters. The job market IS tough out there, especially for those who didn’t have jobs in high school or worked in professions like food service. It’s difficult to get a job in or right after college. But, on the other hand, I do have a few theories about it that I’ll share, controversial as they may be. I’ve been working as a recruiter for the test prep company, and I’ve also tried to recruit new people for my caregiving job…a lot of people complain about not getting jobs, but it’s amazing how many people will turn down work! I have been given a myriad of reasons, like not wanting to drive an extra fifteen miles or not wanting to put time in for training…this is all well and good, but it’s still a JOB. Which is MONEY. Maybe it’s just me, but it’s really hard for me to turn down work. Sometimes I have to, because I just work too many hours to fit other work in. So I do think that some people CAN work, but choose not to because the job is not ideal. After graduation, I noticed that my acquaintances who struggled to find a job were also the one who had party pics and careless Facebook status…coincidence? I’m guessing it’s not. This is all coming from my upper-middle class background (although I have worked at least part-time since I was fifteen and babysat before that), but for my sweet fiancé, life has not always been so easy. He didn’t have the benefit of being able to volunteer or work more skilled jobs. He just had to take what was available, which was factory work and retail. Then, when he went off to a college town, it took a year and a half to find a job!! That was not for lack of trying, either. Now, he works two part-time jobs very diligently and with an admirable attitude. (If I had to work food service like he does, I would blow up every day…it’s wayyy too chaotic and disorganized for someone like me!! Plus, management at those places is usually a nightmare). Eventually, with enough training, he’ll be able to bridge into his field, but it’s going to take awhile. Sometimes getting somewhere takes a lot of persistence and time, especially when you have to do it ALL by yourself. Anyway, he is one of the best workers I know and such great husband material, but I’ll stop before I embarrass him too much. So yes, the job market is tough for young people, but I think that with compromise and sacrifice, it’s doable. Saving for college is so important, because it’s nearly impossible to pay by yourself to go full-time. Taking out loans for school is different than it used to be, and I’ve known a lot of people that it’s really hurt. Loans are larger, because tuition has risen exponentially. Scholarships often tuition, but not fees, which totaled almost $2000 at the university I attended. After graduation, loans have to be paid back, and because of the job situation, most people can’t afford to pay. Grad school and moving back in with parents is the only option for most people. Even though I have two great jobs and work over 50 hours a week, I still live with my parents. It hasn’t been practical to move out yet. I sympathize so much for people who have these nice degrees, huge loans, and crappy jobs. One day, it might get better, but until the economy bounces back, it’s going to be hard. The biggest improvement that I think individuals can make is to help others out, especially Christians. If someone with a bit money would wisely invest in a younger person who is struggling through school, or if someone with connections helped another person get a better job, I think the state of the nation would be drastically improved! So many people have needs that none of us know about, and I think that many of the problems we’re facing as a nation could have been avoided if we, as the Church stepped up and served our fellow neighbors, even in little ways. Though I tend to be more conservative politically, I do appreciate programs, because they can do a lot of good. I also think we could avoid dumping money into programs by enabling people to help themselves. I desperately want things to change on a national level, but I don’t think they’ll change permanently unless they change on the individual level. That takes time, patience, money, and love. I know we won’t be successful for several more years, and we may all get there when we’re closer to 30 than 20. To those who are struggling right now, a Richard Rahl quote comes to mind: Your life is yours alone; rise up and live it! Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookPrintGoogleEmailRedditTumblrPinterestLike this:Like Loading... Related
!!!! I’m sooo proud of you!! I hope the interview goes really well 🙂
Thanks, Courtney!! We need to hang out soon. Text me. 🙂Early this year, there was a buzz on Motorola inviting T-Mobile Moto X owners to take part in a soak test for possible future update. Motorola seemed skeptical in disclosing facts at that point of time but since Moto G was recently upgraded to Android 4.4.2; enthusiasts anticipated the same for T-Mobile Moto X. And it turned out to be true.
News Update
This T-Mobile version of Moto X is now receiving the upgrade which is a file size of 147.6 MB. The Android 4.4.2 is the latest version of KitKat that includes all the goodies from the earlier installments, plus a few additions. The good news is, Motorola has customized the whole package and made a few tweaks into the update. The Software Version bumped to 161.44.25 and the notable changes are listed as below:
- It added substantial support for services like printing photos, Google Docs, Gmail messages and other such content via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and hosted services such as HP ePrinters and Google Cloud Print.
- It fixed all the bugs identified during the preliminary runs, including the ones that caused a few users to experience short battery life after upgrading to KitKat.
- Another bug that caused delays in synchronizing email services like Microsoft Exchange was resolved, thus adding to the convenience of the user.
This is a noteworthy upgrade, considering the fact that bugs and errors were fixed. Mobile addicts across the world will rejoice, for they can experience the smartness of Android KitKat flawlessly in their devices. This is significant development in terms of update.
This variant is an unlocked GSM device so chances are, you can use it on networks of other service providers. In all probability, the update should not be affected and the installation should hardly take much time. The T-Mobile Moto X Android update is now available for manual download. It is accessible in the following sequential way:
- Click on Settings
- Click on About Phone
- Click on System Updates
- Click on Download
Recommendations
For ensuring a successful installation, it is highly recommended to install this update with at least 50% battery and a strong connectivity; preferably Wi-Fi. Follow the notification message and select download-> once the download is over, select Install-> Once the installation is over, and the phone will automatically restart. This marks the completion of the installation process. The phone is now updated to 161.44.25 – This build is same as the soak test.
This upgrade is free in the carrier network and Motorola and Google has collaborated for a back up service for those in trouble. In case of distress, a user can contact them through the Moto X web interface and avail the service. There is still no news on other carrier variants of this update but we can safely hope that it will roll out very soon. Though the upgrade doesn’t appeal in terms of version number but it is definitely significant for users to live with the latest KitKat.So far the only collaboration between clothing and image brands are UniQlo….and I only get Snoopy or girly prints. Although UniQlo also do many Mickey themed items….it’s only limited to to T-shirt prints….booo. UniQlo is also a Japanese brand so agan pushes that no Western clothing brands can convince image artists in the UK to collaborate and make uber cute wears.
The only brand doing this regularly recently, H&M….but really …….quality wise and design wise……..not cute, not flattering, not great quality…….whats the point? So you have Versace and Beyonce modelling/designing, if you can afford to sale your own brand items down to £1 heaven forbid what quality you are representing you’re brand as if items can still bring about a profit at that price.
Shame…..this Giordano x Mickey collection is oh so cute……wait for me Hong Kong, I believe some friends have already requested I bring this back for them. =D
xXx
Note to self the Converse Gorillaz editions were so tempting, but my purse was already in pain *pets*.DALLAS – (April 6, 2016) The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) added the Lea and W. Second Street Groundwater Plume site in Roswell, New Mexico, lies in central Roswell near the intersection of N. Lea Ave. and W. Second Street. The site contains groundwater and soil contaminated with tetrachloroethylene, or PERC, as well as trichloroethylene and other volatile organic compounds. Sources of contamination include two areas of soil associated with former dry-cleaning operations, a former in-ground concrete separator tank, and a groundwater plume.
 plume could threaten drinking water sources for Roswell:
# # #
Contact: Joe Hubbard or Jennah Durant at 214-665-2200 or r6press@epa.govCleared tennis coach 'will always love' daughters who accused him of abuse
A tennis coach father acquitted of child abuse against the daughters he was training to be sports stars has said he will "always love" them.
John De'Viana had been accused of physically and emotionally mistreating his children, Monaei and Nephe, over the years he spent training them.
But it took a jury of seven men and five women less than an hour and a half to find him not guilty on two counts of child abuse.
Outside Snaresbrook Crown Court, his solicitor, Daniel Salter, said in a statement: "This has been a difficult and upsetting time for Mr De'Viana, particularly seeing his daughters giving evidence.
"As their father rather than their coach, he loves them and will always love them.
"He hopes that one day he can speak to them about what has happened."
Mr De'Viana broke down in the dock as the verdicts were read out by the jury foreman.
After his acquittal, he walked to the waiting press pack with the help of a walking stick.
His solicitor said: "Despite the police investigating in 2011, he has had to face these allegations yet again and they have finally been dismissed.
"Having been involved in sports for most of his life and devoted so much to sports coaching, not just with his daughters, he would not want parents and coaches to be dissuaded from working in sport."
At his trial, the 54-year-old said the two girls fabricated the allegations to get back at him for walking out on the family in 2011.
The former karate champion claimed his relationship with them soured when he left their mother, Michelle Horne.
But, when asked in court, he repeatedly denied the many allegations of mistreatment made against him.
On several occasions Mr De'Viana was asked why he believed the girls had pressed criminal charges against him.
"I have my theories," he said
"I didn't give them the courtesy of an explanation when I left, they are not feeling too good towards me.
"I can only assume they are pretty upset with me as a father."
Under his guidance, the girls grew to be two of the country's most promising young talents, with Nephe even appearing alongside Andy Murray on an advert.
They quit tennis shortly after their father left, despite having a future in the sport, jurors were told.
Mr De'Viana was said to have become transfixed with making his daughters into tennis superstars after he retired from karate.
He started Monaei hitting balls when she was just 10 months old and pulled both girls out of education before secondary school to allow for practice.
He admitted in court to writing foul-mouthed performance notes when he was not satisfied with how they were playing.
One referred to Monaei, now 21, as a "f****** idiot" and another said Nephe, now 19, was a "f****** dog".
He told the jury he simply used the strong language to "emphasise certain points" in his mind and the girls never saw them.
He said when he appeared to be addressing them directly, he was actually talking to himself, saying they were meant to highlight "me and my shortcomings as a coach and a father".
It was suggested to Ms Horne by Tana Adkin QC, defending, that she had lied in evidence about the allegations to aid a battle around contact with her daughters.
She said: "You have tried throughout giving your evidence to rewrite the childhood of your two girls.
"You have tried to present it as cruelty during tennis training when it was nothing of the sort."
A string of witnesses, ranging from coaches to family members, denied ever seeing Mr De'Viana mistreat the girls.
Geoff Thompson, who worked with the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) , said: "John has a passive style, which is ideally suited to working with young children."
Several people also claimed the girls did not appeared to be pursuing their athletic ambitions under duress.
Finnish coach Eric Piispa, who worked with them over many years, said: "If you don't have the motivation there is no development. It is the fire inside or it is not."
"Did they have the fire?" the defence asked.
"I saw it - they had the fire," he responded, adding: "John is very calm, very kind, lovely, not aggressive, not even in passing, he can always think what to say, he is calm, not at all like the allegations."Cruising Alaska with Disney Cruise Line
Ports of Call, Dining and Everything Else!by Cheryl Pendry, PassPorter Featured Columnist
Last modified 10-20-2011
(Check out Part One and Part Two of Cheryl's Alaska series!)
What did you think of the ports of call?
Alaskan cruise - Mendenhall Glacier
The amazingly beautiful Mendenhall Glacier at Juneau.
Skagway was certainly the smallest, and had its own unique attractiveness, although it’s very cut off from the rest of the world. I’m not sure I could spend more than a couple of days there, especially not after learning that the nearest cinema, and major store, was over 100 miles away! It was a real eye-opener to learn just how remote this destination was, although I could understand its attraction, as it brings in hundreds of thousands of people for the summer season, when the cruise lines arrive. I can imagine though, that in winter, it’s not nearly as attractive, as from what we heard, the climate is exceptionally harsh.
Despite that, it was a beautiful little town, and perhaps the prettiest of the ones we visited. The same couldn’t be said of Juneau. This was the biggest of the three and I found it very commercialised, although I make my judgements from the bus journeys we took through it, rather than a walking exploration, as we did in the other ports of call. As I say, my views may have been coloured by the incessant rain that marred our day here.
Ketchikan was a mixture of the other two ports, offering some beautiful buildings, just as in Skagway, but it was also a bustling town, more on the lines of Juneau, and was certainly packed while we were there. Something to do with the other couple of cruise ships in port that day, no doubt!
In each port, we received a warm welcome from everyone we met, and I was pleasantly surprised that people weren’t that pushy with us. It was a very nice change from places we’d been to previously in the Mediterranean and the Caribbean, where we’d always felt pressurised to buy goods or services. Trust me though, in each town, there are plenty of different ways to spend your hard-earned cash, with some beautiful items available for sale. It’s very easy to be parted from your money!
I deliberately haven’t covered Tracy Arm Fjord in this section, as it’s not a port of call, although apparently many people on our cruise thought it was (it's more like a day at sea, as the ship cruises in and out of the fjord)! Having said that, it was perhaps one of the most memorable parts of our cruise, and the views of the glacier are something that will stay with me for the rest of my life. There was a wonderful sense of anticipation as we slowly approached it, first getting tantalising glimpses in the distance, and then gradually drawing closer and closer, until it almost filled the whole horizon.
What are the shore excursions like?
This is perhaps the toughest choice in each port of call. I’ve never seen such a long list before and it took forever to narrow it down! The choices covered everything, from nature to adventure, to those specific for certain groups, such as adults, families, and teenagers. We had the toughest time ever deciding what to do in each port, and I’m sure we weren’t alone. We ended up having to come up with a shortlist, before we made a final choice.
Disney Wonder - Ketchikan
The wonderful town of Ketchikan, as seen from deck nine of the Disney Wonder.
If you plan on cruising Alaska with Disney, it’s worth knowing that you’ll have some tough decisions to make about your time ashore. It’s even tougher, as the excursions we took were excellent, and our friends who were on other excursions, made similar comments as well. I don’t think I heard any negative comments on this subject, the only problem was the weather, which sadly we can’t control, no matter how hard we try!
Did they have any Alaskan food on board?
Sadly, we missed out on the Taste of Alaska menu, which had perhaps the most wide ranging selection of Alaskan cuisine during the seven nights, but I’m told it was excellent. Apart from that, the menus appeared to be fairly standard fare, and if I’m honest, I was slightly disappointed by the quality of some of the food on board, with the exception of the wonderful meal at Palo. I don’t know whether it was because it was the last cruise of the season, but the food didn’t wow me in the way that other Disney cruises have done. I would’ve liked to have more focus on Alaskan fare during the cruise. It seemed an obvious thing to do, and a bit of an omission on Disney’s part. Perhaps next season...?
What Alaskan merchandise did they have on board?
Disney had thought of a lot of things, as you’d expect, when it came to merchandise. You want T-shirts, long sleeved shirts, or sweatshirts for any age, showcasing your Alaskan adventure? You've got it! Photo albums, scrapbooks, Christmas ornaments, and cuddly toys were also in evidence, along with the staples, such as fridge magnets and postcards. A lot of it was very stylish, and there was a good selection, although as we were on the last cruise of the season, we did find some things running out in certain sizes, which wasn’t a huge surprise.
Was the Alaskan cruise worth doing?
I can’t praise the Alaskan cruise enough. Perhaps it says everything that, along with our travelling companions, before the cruise had even ended, we’d already started to discuss a return visit. So much for it being a once in a lifetime opportunity!
Updated 10-20-2011 - Article #7My Dear Readers…August 17, 2007 at 3:52 am | Posted in Kristin Bell, Thanks | 2 Comments
My Dear Readers…I bow in your presence and wish to thank you for supporting my site by reading my articles. It really thrills me to no end to know that someone out there is reading what I write. I said it before and I’ll say it again: THANK YOU!
Advertisements
2 Comments »
RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URI
Blog at WordPress.com.
Entries and comments feeds.
Woot Woot! Anything for Kristin! By the way i notice your japanese readers havent left a message for while…i hope they are ok. I was touched how Jennifer shared her life experience on the body narrative blog. Its great meeting all new people online. *Hugs* Hope to catch up with you when you are not so busy.
Comment by Zoe— August 17, 2007 #
Hi Zoe! Thanks so much! I know. I think some of my Japanese readers are still around, just quiet. I also love it when people share. It is great…Thanks for stopping by. Hugs to you too AND little kitty hugs from my cats to you! :) kristin
Comment by kristinbell— August 18, 2007 #Title: Wanted: The Perfect Pet
Reference: Roberton, F. (2010). Wanted, the perfect pet. New York: G.P. Putnam’s Sons.
Brief Annotation: This is a story about a little boy who wants more than anything to get a dog. He does not care about all the frogs he already has, he wants a dog- who is loyal and has personality and can learn tricks. He believes that a dog is a perfect pet for a boy- and puts up fliers trying to find the perfect dog for him. A duck finds the ad and, seeking comfort and friendship, creates a disguise trying to be the perfect pet for the boy. Henry notices that the duck is not a dog, but takes him home anyways. He finds a list of skills ducks can have, and discovers that this duck might just be his perfect pet.
Genre: Fiction
Grade Level: 1-2
Readers who might like this: Readers who like animals or have a pet would enjoy this book. Readers who have a fascination with dogs or ducks would also like this book. This book is good for parents and teachers to use to teach their children or students that sometimes what we are seeking is not what we actually need. Sometimes what we want or need comes in a different package that we expected.
Rating/Response: I give this book a 4 out of 4. It is well written, and the illustrations are very cute. The story has a good moral and plot. It is a good book for young readers ages 4+ and could be used at home or in a classroom setting. This book won the Ira Children’s Book Award.
Text Dependent Question: What does the boy do when he finds out the duck is not a dog?I really hate the process of buying a new car. This might be why I haven’t done it since 1994.
Let me qualify that last statement. I don’t mind narrowing the field, I don’t mind doing the research and I love the test drives. What I hate is sitting down with a salesman (I’ve yet to have a saleswoman.) My every comment I make — about the car, about finances, about the weather — I feel like the salesman is looking for a way to use that comment against me. Even this blog post makes me nervous. I hope they’re having some of the same anxieties about prospective buyers.
One of the designers was quoted as saying, “To add a little bit of attitude, the hood mounted lights are designed to resemble a crocodile that is staring at you lurking just below the surface.”
(Imagine a transition here, maybe something about my extreme disappointment in the auto industry that cars aren’t averaging 35-40 mpg.)
I reached a point where I want to replace my 1995 Volkswagen Jetta. Thankfully it’s a want, not a need. That gives me the luxury of time for making my decision. I’ve loved the Jetta and started out wanting another. Somewhere along the way I decided I was too young to drive a sedate sedan. Enter the Mini Cooper, the Mazdaspeed3, the Volkwagen Golf (diesel) and the quirky new Nissan Juke.
Unbelievably I’m leaning toward the Juke. Luckily, I still have more test driving to do, so sanity still might prevail. Let’s hope so, because neither my wallet or my waist can afford the donuts that apparently come with this crossover — er, “Sport Cross”.
In case you haven’t seen the commercial yet…
Love the Juke! Excellent choice!
Why do you like buying new cars? Personally, as I get older, I plan to but cars that are 1-3 years old but not brand new, to save on the interest. Just curious. You clearly got a lot out of the Vetta!
Mike
Mike, thanks for the comment! The Juke so quirky that it just might fit for me. In my shopping for sports cars I’ve “seen you” in several of the cars I’ve tried. Do you still have your Mustang?
I most like buying new because I know that there are people like ME out there who don’t take the best of care of their vehicle. I’m fortunate enough to be able to afford the extra money so that I know exactly who has done what to the vehicle.
That said, this is only my third new car: ’82 Toyota Tercel, ’95 Jetta and whichever one I get next year. I have also owned two used Toyota Corollas, a Mazda RX-7 (sweet!) and the Ford Sports Trac truck.
Maybe Thursday is the day to go to St. Louis to test drive a Golf. I’m confused by myself: the Juke is a hatchback — I generally don’t like hatchbacks because I prefer the security of a trunk. Maybe that’s no longer a factor for me. One thing the Juke has that I will be looking for in other vehicles: the fun factor. Will probably also look at the Mazda 3.By Yul
Mickey Mouse has never been linked to a single Satanic verse, yet Syrian Sheikh Muhammad Al-Munajid made statements recently on Saudi Arabian TV that sounded to untrained Western ears a lot like a fatwa against the Disney character.
While discussing the poor hygiene and health hazards posed by rats and mice, he made the point that colorfully clothed, cute, and lovable Mickey Mouse is sending the wrong message about vermin to children.
Cats Working doesn’t often come to any rodent’s defense, but we think Mickey was slandered.
Granted, cats would have been happier if Walt Disney’s inspiration for a timeless character whose ears have become the overriding motif of theme parks and cruise ships had been a CAT. But no one can accuse Mickey Mouse of having any part in raiding pantries, overrunning cities, or spreading deadly diseases.
That’s as crazy as saying Barack Obama “pals around” with terrorists.
Mickey Mouse is a CARTOON.
To his credit, when word of Sheikh Al-Munajid’s fatwa spread around the world, even he recognized how ridiculous it sounded and set the record straight in English on YouTube.
But to help Obama get a head start on improving Middle East relations, I’ll promise the sheikh this:
Cats have been watching Mickey Mouse for years. If he ever steps out of line and needs killing, rest assured, we will take care of him.
My computer is on its last legs, so I haven’t been able to comment on the many recent excellent posts. Here’s hoping. Yul, feline diplomacy — I love it. Wasn’t there a Palestinian mouse, who looked a lot like Mickey, but who preached Jihad against the west, and weren’t our powers that be upset by him? Can’t remember his name, Adele and Fred, you might want to check out rollingstone.com; there’s an article, this week, about McCain as Maverick, which is hard to read — more creepy stuff about the old coot, and a 10/2 article about Palin, which is definitely worth a read.
And Karen. on 10/20, the Travel Channel is airing a show called “At the Table With Tony,” featuring our boy some food writers and critics, and a New York nightlife reporter(not Paula Froelich).
Adele
Sorry to hear about your computer, Adele. You don’t really appreciate how much you depend on them until they go on the fritz.
I vaguely remember something about the mouse you’re talking about, preaching jihad to children.
We’ve been trying to calm Adele down all week. She has been spitting mad at Palin since the debate, and it just gets worse every time Palin opens her mouth on the campaign trail. Hillary never managed to get Adele this worked up.
Thanks for the leads on Rolling Stone and Tony’s special on the 20th. Karen will definitely mark her calendar. – Yul
MICKEY MOUSE IS NUMBER ONE! VOTE MICKEY FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!Be one of the first to review
Click to rate!
Pricing and Floor Plans
Location of Breckenridge Villas II33.4993340 -81.9610490
Amenities
About Breckenridge Villas II
Address: 309 E. Martintown Rd., North Augusta, SC 29841
Is This Your ApartmentAdvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.Claim Your Listing
Similar apartments
North Augusta, SC
Augusta, GA
Augusta, GAwe’ve changed our plans.
We didn’t go to Shepreth yesterday, we just went straight to Stamford. We had an early night which meant I was out of sleep by 4.20am. Today we’re going to Tropical Birdworld. I hope it’s going to be good. I’ll let you know the verdict later. Ciao a full-time policedetective, and a former K-9 officer and volunteer firefighter. Iuse these LED lights on myown unmarked car. These are not wimpy lights! These lights are clearly visible in the daylight. At night they're absolutely blinding! You're gonna like these!This LED mini-lightbar is directly comparable to similar units selling for $350 and more.How do we do it? We order to our specifications in large quantities directly from the manufacturer of the "big name" LED lights. We then sell directly to YOU, the end user, without any distributor, wholesaler, or retailer markup.
Whybuy a cheap Chinese knock-off when you can buy a reliable brand-name light for less??BUY NOW FOR ONLY $139.95!
Please add $19.99S&H and insurance for each Dash-Flash® Quad Flash™ LED Light orderedNow with FREE SHIPPING!
To ensure your light arrives undamaged, shipping insurance is INCLUDED at no extra charge!
What our customers say:
"Quality is sensational, functionality even better, fast delivery. 5 Star service"
"Fast shipping and a great product works and looks great."
AWESOME. Bigger and better than expected! Fast Shipping, great seller
Please direct general questions about the product or shipping to sales@dash-flash.com If you're inquiring about an order, be sure to include the sale number. We strive to ship within 24 hours of receipt of PayPal payment.
After purchasing, pay instantly with your credit card through PayPal!
Popular Hydroponic Items:
Vintage Yankee Metal Products Model 354 Beacon Light Nos New Rare Original Box
Vintage Whelen 8000 Strobe Light Bar Unique Nos New Domes Rare
Indiana Farm Find-vintage Tripp Lite Rotating Red Beacon-emergency Ligh
Emergency Light Bar With Traffic Advisor Lght-federal Signal Corp.- Vector
Emergency Light Bar Federal Signal Corp. Raydian Roof Mount Sae Ww3106
Fire Truck Wobble Lights From Code 3 Light Bar Fire Truck
Strobe Light 240sda Star Headlight Corp.
Vintage 12 V. Dietz 211 Fire Or Police Beacon Revolving Light. Works Great
Vintage- Police - Firefighters Car Blue Light Bar W Speaker Adjustable Size
Vintage Police - Firefighters - Car Red Lights Lightbar Light Bar Adjustable SzOn Sun, 10 Dec 2000, Michael Ströder typed thusly: > I think we should leave the 1.x stuff as is and start with > python-ldap-ext based on OpenLDAP 2.0.x... Okay, to keep everyone on the list informed: Michael, as a knowledgable Karlsruhe local, showed me all the local restaurants that have closed down and then we discussed the direction for python-ldap. After a few drinks, and a discussion on cats, we agreed on the following plan: * python-ldap-1.10 will be tidied up, with just the memory-leak patches applied, and a proper documentation build. (ie no v3 changes will be applied as it breaks v2 builds.) A final release will be made. * A new python-ldap-2.0 will be started, with an API that is likely to be somewhat incompatible with that of p-l-1.10. In particular, the following will be the major compatibility targets: + Python-2.0 support (ie unicode) + OpenLDAP-2.0 support (ie LDAPv3/LDAP-EXT) This means that people relying on v2 client/servers should be happy enough with a reasonably stable release. And people wanting to live in the 3rd millenium should be happy with a version (relatively) free of legacy support. Please, comment! Are there problems with the above plan? In addition, I seek more comment on any more changes that the _ldap library may need to support LDAPv3 connections. (Remember that the purpose of this module is not to give an abstraction of X.500 directory services, but rather to provide an abstraction of the LDAP C API.) d -- David Leonard David.Leonard at dstc.edu.au DSTC Room:78-632 Ph:+61 7 336 58358 The University of Queensland QLD 4072 AUSTRALIA B73CD65FBEF4C089B79A8EBADF1A932F13EA0FC8 I put my chin on my knee, and looked for flaws in the soft grain of my beige plastic monitor casing. - Julian AssangeWhoah how time flies fast by! It's June already. June. I mean it feels like 2016 just
started and now we're here halfway through the year. It's time to share those beauty
favourites and I know I know, I kind of forgot last month but here they are again!
Let's get to the favourites shall we?
LUSH Roots hair treatment
Okay, you might be wondering why I even own this thing because my hair is pretty
much far away from thin hair. It's because of my scalp.
Before I ordered this I made some research what would be good for my scalp because
it tends to get super dry every now and then and this came up. I wanted to try it and
here we are. It has been super helpful for my dry scalp and I'm happy that I
found this product.
Oh and the way you feel when it's on, is amazing.
P.S. LOVE THIS Makeup brush cleanser
I bought this one from Primark when we we're in Spain last year and damn
that's good stuff. Unfortunately I'm running out of it soon, but on the other hand
we're going to Spain this year so Primark here I come!
VICTORIA'S SECRET Perfect Condition hand cream
Yea well, it's not only my scalp that tends to get dry every now and then and my
hands need to be moisturised too. This smells good, it makes my hands feel good and
it's just a cute pink little tube.
THE BODY SHOP Strawberry Body Sorbet
I love this body cream just because it smells like strawberries. I want to smell like
strawberries.
MAKEUP REVOLUTION LONDON Fortune Favours the Brave by
BritishBeautyBlogger
When I first saw this palette I decided that I have to get my hands to it. It's just
wonderful with all the shades I already almost have in other palettes but that was just
too gorgeous to leave to the website.
♥lots of love, Jasmin.
I love that body shop gel moisturizer too! Makes your skin feel so great after - and it is so light ♡ dynamicbohemian.com
and it smells wonderful!
*runs to buy that eyeshadow palette* x
hahah, sounds wonderful! :-)
Ooh, that hair treatment sounds lovely! I've only tried one thing from LUSH and loved it! So, I definitely plan on trying more from them :)
Blessings,
Edye |
Sounds awesome!What’s Past is Prologue
With the New Year still fresh, I thought about doing this little lookback at one of my most awaited games in 2009. Tekken 6 (as it was eventually known) has had a colorful past. The last release in the franchise was Tekken 5 (not counting the arcade and PS3 upgrade Dark Resurrection), which was quite a while before. As the next big chapter of Tekken to debut on Sony’s super-console, there was a lot riding on Tekken Next-Gen.
The original Tekken trailer for the PS3.
The original Tekken teaser showed just one character- main hero Jin Kazama, looking all sweaty and eerily lifelike and realistic. If this little tease was to be believed, Tekken PS3 would be awesome, with graphics beyond that of any CG animated movie so far shown. Detail was down to the life-like, sweating flesh and muscles, nostrils and nose-hairs (okay, probably not THAT detailed). But eventually, it was revealed that all this was bogus. Like the much-maligned Killzone trailer, this CG spot was just that- a CG fantasy and ‘projection’ or targeted image of the actual, upcoming game. This was made all the more apparent with the release of the second major Tekken trailer, at the E3 Expo in 2006.
A seldom-seen Tekken 6 trailer at E32006, starring then-newcomer Lili Rochefort and Jin Kazama.
The second Tekken 6 trailer seemed like something from Metal Gear Solid, looking at it now. Some over-the-top fighting action starring Lili Rochefort and Jin Kazama followed, with a bit of Hwoarang thrown in. Hwoarang’s interference seems to indicate a bit of connection with his Tekken 5 ending going into Dark Resurrection (hence Lili’s appearance), and also seemed to point to a possible Tag Team component. Unfortunately (or fortunately), the spot eventually turned out to be non-canon and just another footnote or What If scenario in the Tekken saga.
Though detailed, the character models in the E3 2006 trailer were nowhere near the level of the original teaser. This is probably the least impressive of the Tekken spots, despite some cool combat and a spotlight on Miss Lili Rochefort. To be fair, the actual in-game models in the actual game now are better than the stuff shown in the E3 trailer. It all went to show that at that point in time, perhaps there was a bit of misdirection in the series’ development.
The first REAL Tekken 6 trailer.
And THEN came gamers’ first real look at the Tekken sequel. The graphics were closer to what would eventually appear in the final game, but had a plasticky sheen and a stiffness which turned a lot of players off. Thankfully, most of these graphical issues have been addressed when the release version of Tekken 6 arrived in arcades in late 2007. Other stuff, like Items and Customization, drew mixed reactions. Customization was greatly improved over Tekken 5, but still could do with more improvement. The Item Moves were entertaining for the most part, and never really became an issue for game balance… a simple novelty which was good for a laugh or two every so often.
Since then, we’ve seen several trailers, each getting more spectacular and cinematic than the last, mixing actual gameplay along with pre-rendered cinematics. Thankfully we’re well past all the muddled confusion of before. We all know what’s in store for us later this year, aside perhaps for any new extras and of course the new content to be included with the home versions. So with one last look at how embattled Tekken was before, let’s all look forward to the best Rave War ever later this year. Parish
Mansfield
Have a 6 month old baby girl just can't find the time and or money to get the garden ready to have a great first summer with her .. Would like decking extended and rejuvenated adding handrails and step .. Lawn improved and new small patio added ..Thank you for your time !
Voting closed
2 votes
Share Entry
Share and help this entry get more votes.
Recent entries
Claire Pearman
Banbury
Lauren Murray
Sheerness 26, 2016.
Wondering what content to create? The key to creating business value is focusing on customer value. Start with understanding your audiences and mapping their customer journeys. You can learn how your customers interact with your channels, content, and brand story. If you create a visual or graphic of an individual's relationship with your organization you can better understand the groups of people who engage with your brand and content.
Here are seven reasons to create a customer journey map:
The above reasons should provide an idea of why you need a customer journey map. Remember--not all journey maps are the same. They will differ significantly based on your business model, company structure, and overall approach.
The customer journey is many things. It's multi-dimensional, and it provides opportunities for engagement and personalized experiences. It's a constantly evolving slice in time. Remember, a primary objective of your customer journey maps is to make them actionable. While the mere exercise of mapping your customer's journey has value, the ultimate goal is to improve your customer experience. If you create customer-centered content marketing, it will help sustain a real-time dialogue with loyal and valuable customers and promote lifetime value.- Worldwide Rank #183,290,413
- Follower/Following Ratio 0.2
- 16 Twitter followers and to being ranked 183,290,413 for number of followers among all Twitter users.
The plot thickens when considering Kate Ballard's follower-to-following ratio, which is 0.2.
Over the past month, @01L_and_H20's was hardly active on Twitter, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 105 since @01L_and_Hate Ballard Tweets
@01L_and_H20 has posted 0 tweets in the last 8 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
Kate Ballard Twitter Followers
@01L_and_H20 has 16 followers on Twitter.
This account is #183,290,413 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
Kate Ballard Following on Twitter
@01L_and_H20 is following 79 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account followed no users.
Kate Ballard Predictions & Milestones
@01L_and_H20 will hit 16 followers in the next 3 months, and.Image Comics dropped us a quick email to let us know that Becky Cloonan is providing the variant cover for the upcoming Wicked + The Divine #5. The publisher was even nice enough to send along that very cover to share with you! in a prepared press release.  arrives October 22, 2014.I.
Whilst in Sydney I have managed to satisfy my choc-desires to some extent with the similarly endowed Tim Tam, but it was good to see an old friend winking at me once again from the biscuit shelves recently, albeit clothed in a garish new wrapping.
And of course, no mention of Penguins would be complete without reference to their classic advertising campaign which spawned the legendary “p-p-p-pick up a Penguin” slogan. They don’t write them like that anymore.
I’d like to think the campaign could be re-run effectively today, but sadly I don’t think penguins would be allowed to roam freely through a fairground in the current draconian climate of health and safety restrictions. Shame.
Sean old boy, when are you going to get round to reviewing some of the finer Sussex ales?
I’m on the case – one for the CAMRA enthusiasts coming soonThis Volunteer Appreciation Guide is a free resource developed by Wild Apricot to offer tips and advice for small nonprofits and membership organizations just getting started with or looking to refresh their volunteer recognition planning and procedures.
To create a desired experience for volunteers, there must be a number of positive elements in play to recruit and retain quality volunteers.
Free floral printables for volunteer or teacher appreciation--frameable quotes (great for gifts), name tags, gift tags, and chocolate wrappers.
Here are my top tips for how to recruit new volunteers for your non profit. Having a strong marketing plan for your non profit’s volunteer section is a way to smooth out those peaks and valleys!
Here is a great source filled with 365 Ideas for Recruiting, Retaining, Motivating and Rewarding a nonprofit organizations volunteers.
Recruiting and Retaining Volunteers - Nonprofit Management Non Profit Management 501c3
Dear Nonprofit Decision-Maker, If you are looking to hire a volunteer manager, please read this post.
Volunteer work can be extremely aggressive and require a passion for serving people and understanding of your abilities. Let's know how to include volunteer work on resume.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-3479851106228909776.post3701723648532832781..comments2011-10-18T14:00:09.444-07:00Comments on Quills and Quasars: Purgatorial PissingsBKP piece. So many layers to this one, as if..!) ~yellowhousecafe great spaced out trip. This piece felt like a t...A great spaced out trip.<br /><br />This piece felt like a true journey.<br /><br />The opening stanza sucked me and the words held me like an event horizon.52481922-b89e-11e0-84b6-000bcdca4d7a my inner nerd had to be brought out to grasp so...Oh my inner nerd had to be brought out to grasp some of these words. But I got them. Amazingly played.Pat Hatt away, as always , with what you do with word...<br /><br />Good to see you with us at dVerse, Pounds.hedgewitch - all of those paradoxes to ultimately end up ...wow - all of those paradoxes to ultimately end up right where you started...yes, that sounds like life to me :)Sheila Moore i told you that you make my brain hurt with w...have i told you that you make my brain hurt with what you do with big words...ha...and still get a great flow out of it...my mind though is spinning...Brian Miller couple of thoughts, lost: Sun Ra said: "sp...A couple of thoughts, lost:<br /><br />Sun Ra said: "space is the place."<br /><br />First there is a mountain....<br /><br />If you keep traveling in the same direction in outer space, will you eventually reach the place you started out?Mark KerstetterI’m working on some longer blog posts, so for some quick content I’m going to post a couple fun gaming videos.
First up is Jesse Cox playing Overwatch, and racking up a huge kill streak through a heady mix of self-loathing and pressing the fire button.
Next up is Northernlion showing off the new XCOM game, which looks like pure fun to me.
AdvertisementsThe Paranormals inhabits the niche that Buffy the Vampire Slayer carved out: Wacky Monster-Fighting antics, with some High School Drama on the side. I must confess that, despite my deep-seated and never-ending love for Demonology 101 it's not something that generally appeals to me: Monster-fighting is all well and good, but I had enough High School Drama during High School, thank-you-very-much. That said, the High School Drama aspect is never intrusive in The Paranormals and is generally more of a framework for the stories to work within, rather than a nuisance for the story to work around. So I can mostly ignore it and get on with the rest of it.
The cast of characters is diverse, interesting, and mostly likable (I could do without Persephone, but Neptra is always hilarious and so I can forgive). Preston, in particular, I like: his particular brand of snark always makes me snigger, and on the cast he has by far the most interesting abilities. Magic applied through technology? Programs coded in an ancient druidic language? Spells encoded into MP3s? Awesome.
The issues are episodic in nature, which is...alright, I guess. The only issue with that is that there doesn't feel like there's much tying them together and relating them. I realize this is a horribly unfair comparison, but Warren Ellis' Planetary tells a complete story with each issue, but still manages to make each issue feel like it's building towards something. You can see a point to the series underneath of it all. With the Paranormals you don't really get that, although this aspect has improved significantly with the last few installments.
The script is smart, and intelligent. It suffers slightly from Whedonism, where just about every exchange concludes with someone ribbing someone else or making a smart joke, which some people dislike. I love that sort of thing, though, so no issues there! Each character has its own voice, and is distinct from the others in the dialog. On occasion the comic veers a little into Preachy territory(Issue Four in particular) never too deeply or for too long.
Unfortunately, the art does not match the writing in terms of quality.
In a word, the art is static. There's very little sense of movement between panels. Here's one particularly bad offender:
The glasses and newspaper look like they just TELEPORTED into place. No sense of transitional movement.
This is pretty important to me. Although this is again a horribly unfair comparison, John Romita Jr. is one of my favorite comic artists, despite his tenuous knowledge of anatomy and his repetitive faces. Why? Because he really knows how to make the page move. as far as I'm concerned, that's ten times more important than an artist's Still Figure drawing abilities.
In addition to that, the composition is...off. People are frequently just standing around, staring at the reader in unnerving fashion People never seem to be really looking at each other, and it's just...off.
Also, nobody should be subjected to this facial expression. Seriously, that's going to give me nightmares. It is a horror. Although that's an extreme example, the facial expressions are often weird, disturbing or sometimes downright bad.
Despite all my ragging on the art, I will give it one prop: Rose's werewolf form reminds me of Bone. That's never a bad thing.
And there we have it. For good or ill, that's my impressions.Chapter!
1 large onion
1 clove of Garlic
1 red pepper
400g of Beef Mince
2 Tblsp of Tomatoe puree
400g of Canned Tomatoes
400g of kidney beans
1 Beef stock cube
Fresh Chillies (to taste; the more you use the more spice you’ll have)
1 tsp of Paprika
1tsp of Ground Cumin
1-2 squares of 70% dark chocolate
- Put your pan on a medium heat (make sure it big enough to hold all the chilli) Add the oil and leave it to heat up for a few minutes add the onions leave them to sweat off then add the garlic, peppers, cumin, chillies and paprika stir that for a further 5 mins.
- Add the mince and cook until brown.
- Whilst your mince is cooking add your stock cube to 300ml of nearly boiling water, add to the mince and the vegtables along with 400g of tinned tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and add the tomatoe puree.
- Simmer gently then turn down the heat and let it cook for 20-30 mins. Check the meat occasionally and if it looks like its drying out add a few tblsps of water. 10 mins before serving add the kidney beans and the chocolate, don’t make the same mistake I did first time round, I got a bit generous with the chocolate and it ended up tasting very bitter.We went to Matoma today to visit my sister and nephews. Once again it was an awesome day. Sunshiny but cool. We saw their new home, went to the park, and visited a little Seinfeld inspired restaurant. The sandwich I had was amazing and I can't stop thinking about it. I am not sure exactly what they are looking at in this picture but I think it's ducks across the pond. My girl thought they looked like sharks from so far away. Oh and Matoma isn't really the name of the town. It's how my oldest says it.Building a wooden model sailboat made simple., Downloadable plans {drawings, prints} on-line. Laser cut bulkheads available from hobby suppliers.
This is a member blog of Dave Mainwaring's Knowledge-Network
Short video about building wooden Star45 radio controlled sailing model
20140212
to drill and tap wood (bass wood) from RodCarr@carrsails.com via yahoogroups.com
Drill a proper sized pilot hole. Load it with thin CA. Tap your thread. 5-40 or larger will work reasonably. Smaller than that, not so much. Rod Carr
Posted by Dave at 06:54
The Greyhound, also known as the English Greyhound, Graydog, Grayhund, and Grewehound, is considered to be the ultimate canine athlete. They are reportedly the oldest and the fastest of all domestic dog breeds, and have been clocked at 45 miles per hour and reportedly have been able to clear 30 feet in a single jump. Historically the Greyhound’s speed was a true asset, and was utilized to help hunt and rundown many forms of large and small prey. Today however, many Greyhounds are no longer used for hunting, but rather racing. As a result, many shelters and organizations have banned together with the sole purpose of finding good homes for the many abandoned racing Greyhounds. Potential owners for a Greyhound should consider adopting and/or rescuing a Greyhound before speaking with a breeder. The Greyhound was one of the first breeds recognized by the American Kennel Club, appearing in the second edition of the AKC Stud Book in1885. It is a member of the Hound Group.Join the sassy ladies of Fergus, Idaho, as they protect their town in this quirky historical by award-winning author Susan Page Davis. A crime spree has divided the men in town, so Gert Dooley forms the Ladies’ Shooting Club to protect their businesses, homes, and families. But when one of their members is murdered, will these feisty gals have what it takes to find the killer before he strikes again? Will the new sheriff put the club out of work, or will he surrender his heart to one crack shot lady?
Hallway Stand Coat Rack and Shoe Storage Cabinet
Request a custom order and have something just for you!Send Customized Request
- Model NO.: SY-CS-003
- Shape: Upper and Bottom Cabinet
- Style: Modern
- Feature: Multi-Function
- Color: White,Black,Wooden Grain,etc
- Condition: New
- Trademark: SHUANGYI
- Specification: 900*240*1800
- Material: MDF or Particle Board
- Size: Regular
- Installation: Wall Mounted
- Usage: Living Room, Bedding Room, Hotel, Dining Room, Shop, Office, Display, Storage, Decoration
- Customized: Customized
- Type: Hallway or Living Room Furniture
- Transport Package: Strong Carton Packing, or as Your Request
- Origin: China.. [b]What's New in 2.5?[/b] ] [img][/img] [img][/img] [url=][img][/img][/url] [list] [*]Latest stable version: [url][/url] (may jump major versions) [*]Latest beta version: [url][/url] (may jump major versions) [*]Latest 2.x version: [url][/url] [/list] If you interested in the developmental versions of PlayX, you can find those here: [url][/url]
:buddy:
Looks good, The volume slider, can it change the volume of youtube players? It's one thing that annoyed me about youtube player.
Yes. Instantly as well, if you have gm_chrome installed.
Neat! Downloading now.
How about a voting system? :)
is there any playx console command to give you admin without it detecting you? because it isnt detecting me as an admin/server owner.
@Fagget: Maybe. Are you admin but not super admin?
Is the sound global or can you make a convar to make it local.
It's global right now. Maybe in the future it will be local.
:[ was gonna use it
how do i add a providor for multiplayer
There is no command. If you are an admin, you should have access. Do you happen to be a super admin but not an admin for some reason?
[QUOTE=sk89q;21533621]There is no command. If you are an admin, you should have access. Do you happen to be a super admin but not an admin for some reason?[/QUOTE] no, it just doesnt allow no one to use the player, i just want to know how to add a providor so i can use it in my multiplayer dedicated server
Try putting this into a file at lua/autorun/server/playx_auth.lua: [code]function PlayXIsPermittedHook(ply) return ply:IsSuperAdmin() or ply:IsAdmin() end[/code]
Thanks! i will hope it works now, many thanks lol [editline]01:53AM[/editline] Sorry for double posting or spam posting but can you make a console command like playx_add_providor playername (example: playx_add_providor garrythemod) ?
Providers are not related to access. They are things like YouTube and Vimeo. It would appear that super admins on your server are not admins, for some reason. If you want to control access, then you should use some other access control system and get PlayX integrated somehow. For example, if you were using ULX, I believe that this code would integrate PlayX into ULX is: [code]ULib.ucl.registerAccess("playx", ULib.ACCESS_SUPERADMIN, "Allows users to control PlayX") function PlayXIsPermittedHook(ply) return ULib.ucl.query(ply, "playx", false) end[/code]
Win
could you provide us with some more detailed instructions on how to go about setting up an external JW player? assuming you already have webspace. i have uploaded and linked the player.sfw and all i get is a white screen. never mind. it just needed [url][/url] in the beginning. although, you could use a tad bit better documentation on the process of installing.
I host the JW player somewhere and embedded that URL in PlayX, so you should not have needed to do that, unless the arrangement changed over last night.
When I try to play any video, it does nothing.
No white screen? Do you have gm_chrome installed? Have you tried it without the JW player? What video have you tried?
This is awesome! :dance:
This may sound noob-ish but it would be great if it could stream live web cam footage.
You should use Livestream.com (or justin.tv, etc.) for that.
This is very good. Thanks!
need help....it says i don't have the models (except for the camera). i looked at you FAQ, but it only says i don't have the 'sources'. where can i get these then!?
[QUOTE=mempol;21667216]need help....it says i don't have the models (except for the camera). i looked at you FAQ, but it only says i don't have the 'sources'. where can i get these then!?[/QUOTE] The other models are from [URL=""]Counterstrike: Source[/URL] (CS:S the game). ___________ I released a minor patch for 2.0->2.0.2 that fixes three minor issues (DS_BEGIN_NO_PLAYER error, being super-admin but not admin, and cvar replication not working, resulting in a white screen). Download this and overwrite the existing PlayX files: [U] [url][/url] [/U]
This doesn't work for me, and I'm not quite sure why. I'm using Google Chrome, I past a link into the URI box, and it's shows as an X in the corner. It also does this with any of the bookmarks you made. This is what I used to test, if it helps. [url][/url]
Try downloading Flash Player for "other browsers." Have you tried it without gm_chrome (for sake of troubleshooting)?I found myself squarely in the middle of a significant moment one afternoon last week. It’s a rare feeling, that. Too often, we don’t realize we’re in a significant moment – capital S, capital M – until far too late, after the moment has passed and we’re looking back on it fondly, wondering why we didn’t realize in the moment that something magical was happening.
It’s one of those moments that stick with you forever – unremarkable in its own right, but surely signifying the start of something big. I was on the back of an impossibly tall bay gelding named Bo, riding round and round and round a dirt-packed ring in a frigid barn going no faster than a snail’s pace.
And despite the cold, despite the monotony of riding circles around the ring, despite our far-from-breakneck speeds, I was so fully in the moment that every detail crystallized, every sensation became substantial and meaningful and true.
The smell of wood burning in the old iron stove. The cold creeping up my toes. The soft cashmere of my scarf against my chin. The weight of my winter coat layered over my sweater layered over my t-shirt. The breath bursting out my nose in plumes. The sounds of chickens clucking and horses nickering and hooves plodding in the dirt. And – above all else – the blissful silence of a too-active mind.
But the moment passed, and unbidden, a thought came to me then:
This is my life now.
This is my life now, the kind of life I’ve always wanted. The details are different – no sane Albertan envisions herself riding a horse in -25 degree temperatures – but even so, it’s the kind of life I always pictured for myself.
A life where I can get so lost in the joy of doing something I love that time seems to stop and nothing exists but that single, perfect moment.Hemisphere Shells - Sinister Variant
hemispheres, domes, nesting, animated gif, motion graphics, hemisphere shells, sinister, eye, evil, malice, blender, cycles, glossy, progression, sequence, animation nodes
Posted in Motion || Posted on 2016-04-13 20:15:30
Higher quality versions: G+ | Ello | Dribbble | Imgur
A number of artists that I follow have played with the idea of placing a set of hemispheres of decreasing scale inside of one another, and some of those have been pretty inspiring to me. Here’s me giving that idea a shot, with a little bit of motion.
The color scheme and lighting setup in this “Sinister” variant was originally an accident that came about when I was trying to create a new “blackbody” light source - but I sneezed while entering the temperature value. The hemispheres were instantly transformed into a mechanical creature that obviously had an eye - and it was glowing as though it was staring at the viewer in a hot rage… it was plotting something sinister.
Inspirations:
“2016.01.27 - Cradle Ting” by Raw & Rendered
“Revolved forms” by Črtomir Just
—-
This design is number 2 of 2 in a set titled “Hemisphere Shells”.The Senior Director for IRI’s Center for Global Impact (“Center”) will provide strategic leadership and direction for the Center and drive IRI’s thought leadership efforts in the democracy, rights and governance sector. In collaboration with other senior leadership, the Senior Director will play a key role in developing strategic partnerships as well as representing and increasing awareness of IRI within the government, think tank, non-profit, and private sector communities.
The Senior Director will contribute to and lead the Center’s involvement in developing innovative, responsive program approaches and tools for the Institute. The Senior Director will lead the Center’s efforts to build and provide technical expertise and resources and implement global and cross-regional initiatives. The Senior Director will oversee IRI’s research, evaluation and learning efforts. The Senior Director will foster institute-wide collaboration and coordination, and work collaboratively with staff across the Institute to ensure strategic goals of the Center are met to enhance the organization’s overall mission and strategic priorities.
Position Requirements:
Primary Functions & Responsibilities:
External Outreach & Excellence
Internal Outreach &
Required
Bachelors or better in Political Science or related field.
Experience
Required
12 years: Senior-level professional experience, preferably in politics, government and/or international democracy and governance
Please be sure to indicate that you saw this position on Globaljobs.orgArya and Hansika are going to pair up in a remake of Bollywood film Delhi Belly. This movie is to be directed by Kannan. The director is doing some changes in the Tamil version so as to suit the Tamil audience. PG Muthaiah will handle the camera and Videsh is doing the art direction.
Delhi Belly is a Bollywood comedy film directed by Abhinay Deo, starring Imran Khan, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Vir Das, Poorna Jagannathan and Shenaz Treasurywala. This movie is written by Akshat Verma and produced by Aamir Khan Productions and Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd. Delhi Belly was released on 1 July 2011.
The buzz is that, UTV will be producing the Tamil version of the Hindi movie Delhi Belly. There was various news in the previous months that who will be casting in this film. Now, the cast has been finalized that Arya and Hansika will be doing Imran Khan's and Shehnaz Treasurywalla's roles respectively.
Regarding this Hansika stated that, I have seen the Hindi film Delhi Belly and heard that the film maker is doing lots of changes in the Tamil version for the local sensibilities and added UTV approached me for doing the female lead role. Though she has not signed for this film, probably she will be the part of this remake film by finishing the formalities in the coming days.
In this movie Hansika is acting as a possessive girl friend of the Chocolate Hero Arya. Santhanam and Premji Amaran are also starring in this movie as Arya’s friends. The combo of Arya and Santhanam again in this movie after Boss Engira Baskaran creates more expectations among the audience.For.
More like this story
- Commentary: Mingus offer on shared services fails ‘The Godfather’ test
- Mingus School Board calls election on budget override
- Override, consolidation/unification on Cottonwood-Oak Creek board agenda
- Editorial: Property tax study shows steady bottom line for consolidated district
- Sedona-Oak Creek business manager replaces Kirk Waddle.Travel
Back to the A-List 2015 database >>WINGER Jiye Ellis sparked an early point-scoring onslaught on his way to three tries, as the Illawarra Steelers marched into the SG Ball semi-finals on Saturday.
Flying high: Jiye Ellis scored three tries for the Steelers. finished with a double, scoring twice in three minutes, while centre Drew Gough, winger Samuel McCann and hooker Jye Richards all contributed to the Steelers’ points tally.
Cronulla overpowered Penrith, while Parramatta thrashed Canterbury to move through to the preliminary final, while the Magpies and Balmain Tigers were eliminated from the competition.
Meanwhile, Illawarra’s Harold Matthews under 16 representative team was beaten 40-30 by Newcastle.
Discuss "Steeled for SG Ball Cup success"
Please note: All comments made or shown here are bound by the Online Discussion Terms & Conditions.If it’s all about safety . . .
This year has been the Year of the Traffic Cam in Columbiana County as several of our communities saw a way to make money by posting traffic cameras to catch speeding motorists.
While the installation of the cameras and the resulting tickets issued to violators met with many local protests, officials of the municipalities who rushed to install the cameras insisted that it wasn’t about the money, but rather they were trying to protect public safety.
But now, a bill proposed by Ohio Rep. Bill Seitz, a Cincinnati Republican, wants to move all civil traffic violations to municipal courts and deduct camera revenue from a municipality’s local government fund distribution.
Under House Bill 410, all revenue from traffic camera violations would be deducted from a town’s annual LGF distribution. Since the municipalities would still have to pay the camera companies, they would lose money instead of making it.
By requiring municipalities to move traffic violations to municipal courts, instead of mayor’s courts or administrative hearings, the bill would also cause communities to lose money a second way. Municipalities would pay the court costs and fees when they file the violation but would not get the court fees back regardless of the outcome of the case. The defendant would only pay the fine for the violation.
In proposing the bill, Seitz told Cleveland.com, “The cities have claimed the red light and speed cameras are all about safety and not about money — we’re going to put them to the proof.”
If HB 410 passes into law, it will be interesting to see how many traffic cameras in our county remain in operation.Motor vehicle accidents are a common cause of brain injuries in Louisiana. Researchers at the University of Maryland have found a link between traumatic brain injuries and changes in the colon that could lead to infection...
Saliva test shows which kids have prolonged concussion symptoms
Lou.
The brain's natural protection against traumatic injury
Just as cars have suspension mechanisms that provide protection from bumps, the brain has a protection system in the form of membranes that provide cushion from impacts. For people in Louisiana who have suffered a traumatic brain injury, these membranes have failed to cushion the brain. In an effort to prevent or reduce TBI, researchers are looking at this system of protection more closely.
TBIs and children
Traumatic brain injuries are injuries to the head that affect how the brain normally functions. Parents in Louisiana should be familiar with the long-term effects this type of injury can have on children and adolescents.
Irregular heartbeat treatment and brain injuries
Louisiana residents who have had to undergo catheter ablation for their irregular heartbeats should know that this treatment has been linked to causing brain injuries. This is according to a study conducted by researchers at UC San Francisco.
Links between concussions and Alzheimer's risks
Traumatic.Why I blog about Africa
“An echo, a stain,” seems to have bounced into my corner of the blogoshpere in the form of new meme I feel I must contribute to. Not so much that I must, but very much that I should contribute to it. Thanks to Kiwanja for tagging me.
I blog about Africa because I can seemingly do nothing else. I am neither wealthy, powerful, nor connected in any shape or form that could spark a revolution. I may not have a lot, but I do have dreams, I do have a vision for a new Africa, and I have the ability to express that vision on this here platform. My weapon of choice for change in Africa is my heart. I will bleed it dry in all that I do for the love of that red soil that sifts through my toes every time that I step on my mother’s compound. I will bleed it dry for the noise and symphony of Kampala’s chaotic rapture and Nairobi’s thuggish boasts. I will bleed it dry for the love of Victoria Falls’ thunderous crash, Serengeti’s serenity, and Zanzibar Chest-ful of mystery. I am but one man with a voice and a song for Africa.
Africa is Africa’s problem. She is my problem. And I beg of no one else to assist me with her weighty issues.
She is my Africa. And indeed the very same Africa that many of us blog about. The very same dark and mysterious continent that many of us fall in love with and don’t know why. It grips us, hugs us, and shrouds in a warmth we neither understand nor deny. We simply beg for more, and thus dig deeper into it’s belly in futile thrusts to wrap logic around that which cannot be grasped, only felt like a warm thick air one walks through in a drunken stupor. It’s an emasculating realization to stand in her presence and bathe in new-found truth that you are powerless in her presence.
You simply accept defeat, that this largely uncoordinated babe is lumbering forward on a journey to somewhere and in no certain hurry to get there. Rome wasn’t built in a day, neither will Africa. 60+ years removed from colonial rule, we are but Democratic tad poles, the lot of us. We were left to crawl and stumble into this new form of self-governance, after a century of foreign rule. Our day in the sun will come, oh yes it will. But not after more battle scars decorate our knees and blacken our souls—symbols of the price that has to be paid—in the name of progress.
I blog about Africa because I believe that the dawn of our day in the African sun has begun. I cannot hasten the sunrise alone or brighten the rays. But I blog about Africa, so that I am among those early risers who’ve heard the morning drum. I join this chorus of voices to welcome a new era, and new optimism. I may be one man with a song, but together we are a chorus with an anthem!
Africa is our problem. And we hereby take charge of this brand new day!
In the spirit of this meme, I hereby tag my fellow bloggers to share their views:
2 thoughts on “Why I blog about Africa”
chat sohbet
Yeah, I have to comment on that too- what was with the wall?Hitachi Magic Wand October 29, 2015 megaweb Extreme Restraints Promo Codes, Vibrators 0 Congratulations! You have found our daily special. Each day we will have a new product that is discounted at least 25% off. Click HERE to get this great deal! Hitachi Magic Wand, Powerful Vibrator Warning: used on the right areas this device can create excessive pleasure! Some women swear that this is one of the best sexually stimulating devices on the market.Wagah, a 12-minute documentary film by Supriyo Sen, last month won the prestigious Berlin Today 2009 Award, now in its sixth consecutive year. It is the story of an extraordinary event that takes place at the only border crossing between India and Pakistan: Every evening, thousands of cheering spectators gather to witness a patriotic parade for the ritual closing of the border. Wim Wenders, reading from the jury's statement, concluded that the film is "a convincing manifesto against any wall that divides people."
A bit of background to the Berlin Today Award will shed light on the talent of Indian documentary filmmaker Supriyo Sen, famed for his strikingly original ideas about little-known realities of life that are waiting to be explored and archived through and on film. upon a decision of the German Bundestag, in co-operation with MEDIA-Training programme of the European Union, Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, Skillset and UK Film Council as well as Volkswagen.
350 Talents from 106 countries arrived for the event to converge at the Hebbel am Ufer to exchange to interact with international experts and network amongst themselves. The patron of the competition, Festival Director Dieter Kosslick together with jury members Wim Wenders, Andreas Dresen, Emily Atef and Kirsten Niehuus, CEO of Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, handed the Berlin Today Award 2009 to this year's winner.
A distinguished record
Wagah is still to hit Indian screens. But to people familiar with the works of this journalist-turned-documentary filmmaker, this award will be no surprise because Sen has been making his own journey through awards bestowed for excellence in choice of subject and aesthetics of creative expression. His debut film, Wait Until Death (1995), done on U-Matic, was an investigative documentary on the deaths of workers employed in a stone-crushing factory. It is the tragic saga of a young tribal, Shakuntala, who dies when the film ends. Hers was the 23rd death caused by silicosis in the tribal hamlet of Chinchurgheria, near Jhargram in Midnapore district of West Bengal.
"The film began as an inquiry into the tragedy of a little village, but ended with the growing awareness of an age-old legacy exploitation of one group of human beings by another, more powerful group" said Sen. The film was screened at film festivals in Nepal, Bangladesh and India. Within two years of working at a stone crushing unit in the area, villagers from five neighbouring villages fell victim to the deadly disease, imbibed through inhaling the stone dust in the unit. The film, following a linear narrative beginning with the dying Shakuntala and closing with her death, leaves the question of human rights hanging in the air. The film blends the genres of the environmental documentary, the human rights documentary and the investigative documentary to make it a powerful political statement on celluloid.
Sen thereafter made a 26-minute film called The Dream of Hanif. Shot on Beta for the video format, the film explores the dying art of scroll painting, a hereditary form of art in Bengal that combines painting with singing the songs of the stories painted on the scrolls. Bending under the changing demands of a changing cultural world, the traditional artists of scroll painting have changed the content of their scrolls to suit the market demands of the time, with one exception. His name is Dukhushyam Chitrakar, who refuses to leave the heritage he was trained to perpetuate. But he has only one scroll left to be sold. It is called 'The Dream of Hanif'.
Wagah is still to hit Indian screens. But to people familiar with the works of this journalist-turned-documentary filmmaker, this award will be no surprise.
The price of catastrophe
No one in the village quite knows where the birds come from and where they go. But they have been the closest friends of the Mahatos for generations together. Mahato has been badly beaten up twice during midnight attacks for not permitting the poachers and hunters to have their way. But he is not intimidated. It is as if, he is divinely committed to save the birds in whatever way he possibly can. This 38-minute documentary is a straightforward documentation of his life, and his love for the open-billed storks that fly in droves to nest, mate and breed in and around his home.
Sen's next work was a two-part documentary, Way Back Home and Imaginary Homeland. A personal and intimate journey by the parents of the filmmaker to their homeland in Barisal, now in Bangladesh, slowly raises the larger question of communalism across and within the borders of India and Bangladesh, closing in on the tragic reality of human hate cutting across time and space. The film opens with the small family and the film crew embarking on the journey. The senior Sens are making the journey after fifty years â they had never been back since they crossed over to Calcutta - and the rest of the family plus the film crew are making it for the first time.
"Is this the small town I left as a young boy?" the senior Sen keeps asking himself. "Even the trees have changed, the waterways are no longer where they were, the skyline looks different," he goes on. Placed in perspective 50 years after the partition of India, displacement and uprootal have become a global reality. "The concept of the refugee is what I feel, made the prestigious Jan Vrijman Fund possible," confesses Sen who received the Jan Vrijman Fund on the basis of a worldwide competition of scripts from the International Documentary Film Festival of Amsterdam.
"For me, the journey has been metaphorical and historical," says Supriyo Sen. The group had to cross dangerous hurdles while they shot clandestinely in Bangladesh on the eve of the elections there. The film does not reveal these cracks. Sumit Ghosh's seamless editing demonstrates editorial control as Ranjan Palit's camera offers panoramic shots of the cityscape, or takes us along those drives within Bangladesh roads, through avenues lined by trees that did not exist before, and the steamer rides from Dhaka to Barisal and back. The credit for the rich texture of the film lies squarely on the shoulders of the senior Sens â Supriyo's father and mother who come across as the best performers ever â spontaneous in their expression and their body language, not in the least conscious of the camera following them.
Hope Dies Last in War
Then came Hope Dies Last in War, which narrates the struggles of the families of some of the 54 Indian soldiers taken prisoners of war during the Indo-Pak war of 1971 who are yet to return home. Some parents died waiting in vain, some children lost the last ray of hope bending under the pressure of bureaucratic and administrative non-cooperation, some wives married again to open a fresh page in their lives, while some committed suicide. But this film is a tribute to the tremendous zeal and determination of the few that did not give up. Their lives have reduced to a perennial struggle between hope and despair. But they refuse to give up the fight that has evolved into a crusade for the restitution of basic human rights â the right to live and die in one's own country, the right to come back home, the right to a national identity.
The fight has been on for nearly four decades and none of them are about to give up. Hope Dies Last in War is a saga of their individual and collective struggle, spanning three generations, to get their men back. It records a tragic stalemate, sufferings of love and shining moments of humanity, courage and hope. "It is a singularly tragic story of human rights violations based on the testimonies of parents, wives, siblings, children and grandchildren. The film is about their pain, helplessness, dejection, reconciliation, hope and dreams in war-hungry Indian sub-continent," says Sen. The film was first screened in public in 2007. Cinematographer Ranjan Palit bagged the Indian documentary Producer's Association gold award for his brilliant work in this film.
The painstaking and long research that went into the making of this film â field research, documentary research, first-person interviews, travelling back and forth with some active members of the "Missing Defense Personnel Relatives Association" invests the film with that rare blend of research, emotion, commitment and honesty not easily witnessed even within the documentary format. It widens the canvas of the film from a simple wait-and-search saga to a tragedy of the last century that neither government has tried to mend even when it is equipped with the infrastructure and the power to do so.
While getting to grips with the emotional reactions of the family members, Sen defies the slotting of this film into any definite genre. It is an anti-war documentary. It is an investigative film. It is also a scathing attack on the inertia and callous attitude of the government of both countries towards the lives of 54 gallant soldiers who were prepared to sacrifice their lives but whose lives were allowed to hang in suspended animation of suspense. It is a personal saga of families still fighting what seems to be a losing battle in their search not only for their missing family members, but also to assert the right to restore to these soldiers, the dignity they deserve.Equality Matters: Online March for LGBT Equality
January 14, 2009 at 12:20 pm 6 comments.
From the Equality Matters press release:
“If the gay community is going to achieve equality, we need to find new ways to educate the American public and reach them where they spend their time. We felt the best way to achieve that was to take advantage of the web and sites like Facebook,” said Bruce Namerow, founder of Equality Matters.
Since its launch just over one week ago, the Facebook event has attracted more than 135,000 invited guests with more than 40,000 registering their intent to “attend” this virtual event. The numbers continue to grow rapidly and organizers are hopeful that numbers will exceed 100,000 before the event begins on January 18.
There has been a lot of discussion in the LGBT community about the efficacy of online actions for equal rights vs actions that happen in the bricks and mortar world. I think that looking at activism in this kind of black and white way ignores the fact that we need more people working in a multiplicity of ways to build the LGBT movement and advance equal rights.
Online actions like the Online March for LGBT Equality, the actions organized by Join the Impact etc should not be seen in a vacuum. Activists who are developing innovative organizing tactics online should be working closely with traditional lobbying and grassroots organizations on unifying strategies that can take advantage of the strengths of both kinds of organizing.
The power of the Online March for LGBT Equality lies in its use of Facebook as an organizing and communications tool.
When any member of Facebook updates their status with an equality message, RSVPs for the march or changes their profile pic to one of the Equality Matters graphics, that information will show up in the newsfeeds of all of their friends. That viral quality will help to spread the message and garner new supporters who will themselves increase the viral nature of the action.
For me as someone who has been organizing at the national level for nearly ten years, the question is how do we combine the online and the offline in innovative and more effective strategies that have real world impact and build the movement for LGBT equality.
For more information, visit Equality Matters.
RSVP for the Online March for LGBT Equality on Facebook
Entry filed under: Advocacy, LGBT, Marriage, Politics. Tags: Equality Matters, gay online organizing, online gay activism, Stonewall 2.0.
6 Comments Add your own
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed
1.
Rie21 | January 25, 2009 at 6:59 pm
Just wanna say Good Morning, Can we ex our links?
2.
darryl siems | March 19, 2009 at 3:56 pm
Hi. I am a 48 year old white single male.Marriage between 2 men are fine with me.Let me know how I can be of any help.Thanks.
3.
darryl siems | March 19, 2009 at 3:58 pm
Hi.I am a 48 year old healthy white male who is single.Marriage between 2 guys are fine with me.Let me know how I can be of any help.Thanks.
4.
darryl siems | March 19, 2009 at 3:59 pm
Hi I am a 48 year old healthy white male who is single and marriages between two men are fine with me.Let me know how I can be of any help.Thanks.
5.
Allan | April 9, 2009 at 2:53.
Empowering Spirits Foundation
6.
{Laptop | December 6, 2011 at 10:02 pm
Are video online games getting dumbed down today? It’s a frequent question and one particular that has numerous veteran players screaming “indeed!” Even so, there may well be a really very good purpose for this trend in the video sport sector.Few weeks back, we published a post about the Windows 7 God Mode and today we are sharing few shortcut keys every Windows 7 must know about.I am one of the many windows user who tend to use windows … [Read more...]
Few weeks back, we published a post about the Windows 7 God Mode and today we are sharing few shortcut keys every Windows 7 must know about.I am one of the many windows user who tend to use windows … [Read more...]
Today, On iTechnobuzz, we are sharing the official direct download links to download: Windows 7 Professional Windows 7 Home Premium Windows 7 Enterprise Windows 7 N Version Microsoft … [Read more...]
On iTechnoBuzz, today we are sharing a promotional offer set out by "computerbild.de"Â which provides you a powerful system tweaking tool "Jv16 Power Tools 2009" worth $29.95 for free. About the … [Read more...]
NOTE: Windows 7 Service Pack 1 is out now. Check out Windows 7 Service Pack 1 ISO - Direct Download Links from Microsoft on the following … [Read more...]
From last few days, we are working over the Final released Windows 7 and are continuing posts regarding the same. Today, while playing with hidden files within the Windows Folder, I found some really … [Read more...]
Continuing the topics of Windows 7 [x86 and x64] 32-bit and 64-bit Direct download links leakedÂ and Tutorial to Create and Make a Bootable Windows 7 ISO DVD from EXE plus Setup1.box and Setup2.box … [Read more...]
From my previous post of Winows 7 Direct Dowload links leaked, many of my readers requested me to provide a tutorial for making an ISO disc from the EXE, Setup1.box and Setup2.box Files , so that it … [Read more...]
October 22 was the date, when Windows 7 retail was finally launched by Microsoft but being a bit preservative, Microsoft never makes available official download links that allow retail customers to … [Read more...]
Microsoft is releasing Windows 7 this Thursday, and to give a complete overview and the essential guidance from the Windows 7 Resource Kit and TechNet Magazine, Microsoft had published an e-book … [Read more...]
The Aero desktop effect in Windows 7 (or, more specifically, the Desktop Windows Manager, also known as the Desktop Windows Manager) will make use of the DirectX 10.1 API in order to improve … [Read more...]
Copyright © 2018 · News Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
Top CommentsAltus Power America Management LLC and four funds sponsored by Franklin Square Capital Partners are backing the creation of Altus Power America Inc. (APA) to finance solar generation projects.
Altus says APA is its fifth solar-focused operation and has enough capitalization to fund $200 million of projects. GSO Capital Partners is advising the group on the formation of APA.
In addition to investing in operational and construction-ready solar projects, Altus Power invests capital to develop projects in the form of early land option payments or feasibility studies.
Tom Athan, Altus Power co-founder and managing partner, says the infusion of capital will help position APA to pursue projects in the rapidly expanding distributed generation commercial and industrial solar marketplace.Articles Posted in Contracts
E.T. Products, LLC v. D.E. Miller Holdings, Inc.
Doug Miller and his son signed a broad noncompetition agreement when Doug sold his fuel-additives business, E.T., in 2011. Doug sold his other company, Petroleum Solutions, to Kuhns about a year later. E.T.’s new owners sued the Millers for breaching the noncompete by providing assistance to Kuhns as he learned the Petroleum Solutions business. The Millers claimed the noncompete was overbroad and unenforceable and that their assistance to Kuhns came at a time when Petroleum Solutions was E.T.’s distributor, not its competitor. When E.T. severed its relationship with Petroleum Solutions in 2012, Doug told Kuhns that the noncompetition agreement prevented further help and ceased assisting him. On summary judgment, the district judge held that the noncompetition agreement was enforceable but the Millers did not breach it. The Seventh Circuit affirmed, agreeing that the contract was not overbroad, but that the Millers did not breach it. A company’s distributor is not its competitor, so the Millers’ assistance to Kuhns in 2012 was "fair game." The contract, read reasonably, did not require Doug to break his preexisting lease with Kuhns. View "E.T. Products, LLC v. D.E. Miller Holdings, Inc." on Justia Law
Posted in: Business Law, Contracts
Right Field Rooftops, LLC v. Chicago Cubs Baseball Club, LLC. View "Right Field Rooftops, LLC v. Chicago Cubs Baseball Club, LLC" on Justia Law
Land O’Lakes, Inc. v. Ratajczak
From 2006-2012 Packerland deceived at least one of its customers about the protein content of its Whey Protein Concentrate. Land O’Lakes purchased Packerland’s protein concentrate for use in making foods for calves and other young animals. Buyers infer protein levels from measuring nitrogen: a seller can add another nitrogen-rich substance to produce higher scores. The Ratajczaks, who owned Packerland, started adding urea to its protein concentrate. in 2006. Land O’Lakes suspected that the concentrate was high in nonprotein nitrogen but could not learn why; the Ratajczaks made excuses that Land O’Lakes accepted. The Ratajczaks sold Packerland in 2012. The new owner kept them as employees; they kept adding urea until the buyer learned what the truth. The Ratajczaks lost their jobs and settled for about $10 million before the buyer filed a complaint. Land O’Lakes stopped buying Packerland’s product and asserted claims of breach of contract, fraud, and violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. Packerland’s insurers refused to defend or indemnify it or the Ratajczaks; the Ratajczaks’ personal insurer refused to indemnify them for their settlement with Packerland’s buyer. The district court dismissed Land O’Lakes’s suit and ruled in favor of the insurers. The Seventh Circuit affirmed, rejecting Land O’Lakes’ claim to treble damages under RICO and state-law and the Ratajczaks’ claims that Packerland’s insurers and their own insurers had to defend and indemnify them. View "Land O'Lakes, Inc. v. Ratajczak" on Justia Law
Posted in: Agriculture Law, Contracts, Criminal Law, Insurance Law
Andy Mohr Truck Center, Inc. v. Volvo Trucks North America
In 2010, Mohr and Volvo entered into a heavy truck dealership agreement. In 2012, Volvo sought a declaratory judgment that it was entitled to terminate Mohr’s dealership because Mohr had misrepresented that it would build a new long‐term facility for the dealership. Mohr complained that Volvo had violated Indiana’s Franchise Disclosure and Deceptive Franchise Practices Acts by promising to award Mohr a Mack Truck dealership franchise, which would have justified Mohr’s investment in the new facility. Volvo gave the Mack franchise to another company. Mohr also accused Volvo of providing more favorable concessions on truck pricing to other franchise dealerships through its Retail Sales Assistance program. The district court granted summary judgment, holding that the integration clause in the dealer agreement barred the new‐facility claim and the Mack franchise claim. Following a trial on the unfair discrimination claim, a jury awarded Mohr $6.5 million. The Seventh Circuit reversed the award for the unfair discrimination claim and affirmed the summary judgment rulings. The court stated that these were sophisticated parties, bound by the integration clause and that Mohr did not establish unfair discrimination with respect to price concessions. View "Andy Mohr Truck Center, Inc. v. Volvo Trucks North America" on Justia Law
Posted in: Business Law, Contractsaley v. Kolbe & Kolbe Millwork Co.. View "Haley v. Kolbe & Kolbe Millwork Co." on Justia Law
Posted in: Class Action, Contracts, InsuranceThe Grey Friars Project: the discovery of Richard III
10:15 - 11:00
An update on the investigation & interpretation of the DNA of Richard III.
Turi'..
Comment from business owner Jordan, we sincerely apologize for such an awful experience you had with New Grains products in the past. Please let us know which grocery store you made your purchase at so we can make sure they do not allow expired products to sit out on the shelves. And in the meantime, please contact us for a special apology package from us to you. We assure you, New Grains products strive to be the number one on the market as we only use the highest quality ingredients and have some of the lowest ppm traces of Gluten than any other product on the market. Thank you, sincerely New Grains.
Be the first to add a photo!Although the term resiliency is widely used in setting corporate goals, it is rarely defined in a way in which it can be meaningfully assessed. Traditionally business continuity has provided a proven means of reducing the severity of disruptive interruptions by understanding the operational priorities of the business, the infrastructure that supports them and the acceptable timescales for response and recovery. Business continuity practitioners have always argued that by taking a holistic approach to an organisation, critical dependencies and single points of failure can be better identified and mitigated, thus leading to improved reliability and customer satisfaction. This might seem a reasonable assumption but it is hard to really prove.
This lack of objective proof has perhaps contributed to the often reported difficulties in achieving more substantial stakeholder buy-in for business continuity at the most senior levels in an organisation. Perhaps this partly explains why the change in business terminology from business continuity management (BCM) to organisational resilience is happening so rapidly in many companies. Certainly key individuals promoting the resilience agenda see the opportunity to bring a new discipline into play at the strategic level as a game changer. Adaptability (rather than response) is becoming the new buzzword and traditional business continuity practitioners need to adapt to this new reality.
The construction of more and more detailed plans has failed to achieve the corporate goals for security and resilience that we as practitioners might have expected. The speed of business change makes the need for a more dynamic way of responding to crises ever more important, but as BCM professionals we need to change the way we work – developing organisational resilience capability and the people skills needed to take control of unexpected events should be our primary goals. Good planning is still essential but not writing more compliance based procedural plans.
So what are the obstacles to implementing a successful business resilience plan? Firstly, getting support from the top of the organisation and by this I mean not just budget, but rather the way the message needs to be enthusiastically and positively communicated from the top. Secondly, getting buy-in from the people who have to deliver the plans; this is predominantly the middle managers who are often already over committed and under resourced. Thirdly, making the risk look and feel real because if it is seen as just compliance then you will create a tick-box mentality.
To successfully address these obstacles, it is essential to properly understand how the business actually works and who the really influential players are, those whose opinions are sought and listened to. Find out what the real drivers of success are and what top management really worry about. Do not talk to senior management until you know what is important, any lack of company knowledge will ruin your credibility immediately so prepare well before you talk to them. Build awareness programmes and get your message right when you give presentations as the people who you need on your side are not interested in technical solutions, they want to know about what you can do to help them eliminate or reduce future business problems.
Business resilience is much more than recovery from disaster or serious incidents. It is the ability to identify and monitor risks to prevent them from happening in the first place, or at least minimise the impact. It is about the capability of the organisation to deal with incidents that cannot possibly be predicted or adapt itself to changes in its external circumstances such as civil war in a key supplier country. In some ways it is difficult to highlight companies who are good at resilience because by definition they will be the ones that handle problems, major incidents and even crises almost seamlessly.
The top challenge on the horizon for BCM professionals is changing the mind-set of people both inside the profession and outside it. We have many excellent programme managers but there is not enough really innovative thinking going on. The enthusiasm for the idea of resiliency does give us a chance to articulate a wider strategic vision for our discipline. Thinking up relevant approaches to deal with issues that do not fit the old BCM model of physical disruption to assets is a real challenge – cyber resiliency must be high on our agenda as is mitigating reputational damage using social media. It might be difficult but if we don’t do it, who will?
Lyndon Bird
Technical Director at The Business Continuity Institute
Comment
The comment was saved
Prior to publication, it must be approved by The BCI.The other day I came across an interesting tweet in my timeline, RT’d by someone I follow. Although I don’t remember the exact wording, the tweet called on the U.S. government to stop persecuting PFC Bradley Manning, the soldier accused of leaking classified information about our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The word that caught my eye, and I remember it clearly being part of the tweet, was “persecuting.” In my mind, Manning isn’t being persecuted … he’s being prosecuted. Manning violated military regulations — that he was well aware of, I may add — and now he’s being held accountable for his actions. The government didn’t seek him out for punishment based on his views.
I certainly do not agree with what Manning, or NSA leaker Edward Snowden, did in revealing classified information. There were, in both cases, internal means for these individuals to address any concerns they had about ongoing operations or policies. I do acknowledge these internal methods have limitations, and may not have ideally satisfied the misgivings of Manning or Snowden.
I can respect an individual who has the courage of his or her convictions and is willing to act on beliefs despite knowing such actions have consequences. That is how real change often begins: with individuals willing to sacrifice their own liberties for the greater good. By being court-martialed, regardless of the outcome, Manning may do more to further his own views than Snowden, who is on the run and trying to find a way to avoid the consequences of his actions.
It is interesting to note the U.S. House of Representatives defeated a measure to defund the NSA’s phone tapping program, meaning what I suspected all along: many in our government — elected and appointed — are completely in favor of the snooping and do not want to see restrictions on how the “war on terror” is fought. Act shocked and talk about privacy all you want senators, representatives and directors, but at the end of the day you want to know what the NSA is currently digging up.
The fact is, the NSA isn’t doing anything illegal as currently defined by our government; to change the game, you have to first change the rules. If Snowden found the courage to stand up and face the music instead of telling and hiding, a subsequent trial could — perhaps — lead to real change in how the NSA and other government agencies do business. Even if it doesn’t, there is value to having such issues weighed by the courts and not just the media.
But first, Snowden has to stand up and be counted.
I recently re-read Fields of Fire by Senator James Webb, a outstanding novel about the Vietnam War. I greatly admire Webb, who was a highly decorated Marine officer in Vietnam and later Secretary of the Navy when I was a Petty Officer Second Class.
There is an strong scene late in the book in which Will Goodrich, who leaves Harvard out of apathy and ends up in Vietnam as a draftee, is visited by his former roommate Mark, who avoided the draft by fleeing to Canada. Goodrich’s father, a lawyer, calls the police and the roommate is arrested. In this passage, quoted at length, Goodrich and his father discuss what happened:
Goodrich held his buzzing head in both hands. The world had just succeeded in finding the final little nudge that sent it topsy-turvy. “He didn’t do anything really wrong, Dad. I think I have the standing to say that.”
“You were arguing with him when I came in—”
“I don’t want him to tell me about Vietnam. But he isn’t wrong.”
“You know what we’ve lost, William? We’ve lost a sense of responsibility, at least on the individual level. We have too many people like Mark who believe that the government owes them total, undisciplined freedom. If everyone thought that way, there would be no society. We’re so big, so strong now, that people seem to have forgotten that a part of our strength comes from each person surrendering a portion of his individual urges to the common good. And the common good is defined by who wins at the polls, and the policies they make. Like it or lump it.”
…“What about the duty to protest? What Mark was doing is as old as Thoreau. Civil disobedience is as American as—killing Indians!”
His father smiled, just the smallest curving of his mouth. “That answers itself, Son. Thoreau went to jail, not to Canada. That’s civil disobedience. The other is self-interest, cloaked with morality.”
— Webb, James (2008-11-19). Fields of Fire (pp. 442-443). Random House Publishing Group. Kindle Edition.
“Self-interest, cloaked with morality.” I like that phrase, because to me it sums up a lot of behavior I see these days. I certainly don’t advocate a totalitarian government, but as a group we Americans seem to have forgotten the importance of individual sacrifice for the greater good.
I suspect Manning will be convicted of most if not all charges. The case seems cut-and-dried, and as we always said when I was on active duty: They don’t court-martial the innocent. Still, as an individual Manning stood up for what he believed in and he will pay the cost of that. He was prosecuted, not persecuted.
To me, that’s where a difference between Snowden and Ellsberg is as well. Ellsberg stayed in the US to face the charges, Snowden didn’t.lojas participantes do black friday Official
target black friday ad
About
- Coach, Inc. (Coach) is a marketer of accessories and Coach Fashion Legacy Large Ivory Totes WG758193 for women and men. The Company offers a range of mo...
Donald Trump needs recover to help US World Cup bid Jesse Trump's"Divisive yet repugnant" Presidential campaign could affect on the United States' World Cup bid, Brings out Bob Bradley.
The USA are in the running to host the Olympics in idaho while the US Soccer Federation has expressed fixation on bidding to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup, Either alone or with society friends Mexico. "I can only hope moving forward that the necessary the job of President will show a marked difference from what we saw during the entire campaign, Bradley's appointment as boss at the start of October shop black friday online made him the first American to manage in the Premier League, Having ended his five year spell as USA united states black friday history wide boss in 2011. Arena named US head coach Bruce Arena has been employed USA head coach wedding reception sacking of Jurgen Klinsmann Bradley has since sorted out in and Norway, As well as a two year stint accountable for Egypt, And has issued keen stance on the venture between Trump and best black friday 2015 Hilary Clinton, Acknowledging he doesn't support Trump's policies. Didn't similarly lojas participantes do black friday to organ of the Trump campaign, I dislike this message, Bradley referred to. "I can't put up with the type of values that don't include an idea of people which come from different backgrounds.
"And I can't put up with values that don't remember that people sometimes don't have everything else but that you have. Sky Sports Black Friday sale progress to Sky Sports now and get 12 months half price! "I think our country was built upon caring that came from different places. "I guess if you want to be optimistic websites hope that the necessary the job make a big difference in the way Trump handles himself.
Prev: black day shopping
Next: pre black friday deals 2015WASHINGTON, DC (May 11, 2017): Today, the Council for Affordable Health Coverage (CAHC) – a coalition of employers, insurers, brokers, agents, patient groups, and physician organizations – responded to the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee passage of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Reauthorization Act of 2017. The legislation reauthorizes four FDA user fees set to expire at the end of September for five years while also including a bipartisan amendment aimed at increasing generic drug competition. This measure reflects key goals of CAHC’s prescription drug affordability initiative: Prescriptions for Competition, Value, and Innovation – set to launch next week.
CAHC President Joel White released the following statement:
"CAHC applauds the overwhelming, bipartisan passage of the Senate HELP Committee's reauthorization of the user fee agreements, which protects funding for FDA’s work to approve new drugs and medical devices and supports continued implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act that many our members worked diligently to carry over the finish line last year,” said CAHC President Joel White. “Importantly, this legislation also reflects key goals of our forthcoming drug affordability initiative. Our policy solutions focus on increasing competition in the prescription drug market, which the amendment offered by Senators Collins (R-ME) and Franken (D-MN) will help accomplish. Further, our plan urges improved data infrastructure and utilization; something that the FDA’s commitment letter pledges to advance through a data standards catalog and other deliverables. Such measures are needed to lower the cost of bringing drugs to market, track the effectiveness of treatments, and target appropriate therapies for patients. While there is still much work to be done to increase prescription drug access and affordability, this legislation marks an important step forward in the process and complements the proposals that we will formally unveil next week.”
###.
About CAHC President Joel White
A veteran of health policy, Joel White became President of the Council for Affordable Health Coverage after serving twelve years on Capitol Hill, where he helped write nine laws, including Medicare Part D, and ultimately rose to the position of Staff Director of the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee. His writings on health care policy have been published in Fox News, Morning Consult, The Hill, Washington Examiner, and Inside Sources, among others. Joel holds a B.S. in Economics from the American University and is the co-author of the book, Facts and Figures on Government Finance.Acclaimed director Steve McQueen’s latest cinematic endeavor is the profound story of a man named Solomon Northrup. Northrup, portrayed by Chiwetel Ejiofor, is a free African-American man from upstate New York whose life was taken away from him in the most unimaginable way. Northrup is deceived, kidnapped and sold into slavery. Northrup is sold to a cruel New Orleans plantation owner who practically embodies the cruelty of the slavery system in Michael Fassbender’s character, Edwin Epps. Northrup endures 12 years of cruelty, hardship and spirit breaking brutality until he encounters a Canadian, played by Brad Pitt, who could possibly change his life forever.
What am I expecting from “12 Years a Slave”?: Nothing less than an Oscar-caliber juggernaut. Steve McQueen looks to be on the path to something special and could have constructed something very profound with the incredible true story of Solomon Northrup. I enjoy a motion picture that lacks restraint in its subject matter and “12 Years a Slave” doesn’t look like it will hold itself back from anything. The ensemble including Ejiofor, Fassbender, Pitt, Paul Dano, Benedict Cumberbatch, Alfre Woodard, Paul Giamatti, Lupita Nyong’o and Quvenzhané Wallis look superb and John Ridley’s screenplay looks strong. This movie has the makings of an Oscar-worthy feature.
One thought on “Movie of the week: 12 Years a Slave”Submitting stories to article directories is a sure way to get noticed, and visitors to your site – especially if the topics you are writing on are “HOT” AND your writing is good.
Here is a list of the Top 10 Article Directories as based on Alexa and Google PR numbers:
- – Alexa 214 – Google PR 6
- – Alexa 993 – Google PR 5
- – Alexa 2,128 – Google PR 6
- – Alexa 7,379 – Google PR 4
- – Alexa 16,589 – Google PR 6
- – Alexa 16,655 – Google PR 5
- – Alexa 23,037 – Google PR 6
- – Alexa 23,952 – Google PR 2
- – Alexa 26,219 – Google PR 3
- – Alexa 28,429 – Google PR 4
There are of course dozens of other top article directory lists out there, along with hundreds of sites. My favourites from this list are EzineArticles and GoArticles – I’ve used them for quite some time and am happy with the traffic they generate… now if I could only write an article per day ans submit them to the top article directories!
Where do you want to travel?
Your journey will lead you to famous domestic and foreign beauty spots.
Your journey will lead you to famous domestic and foreign beauty spots. from around the world to enjoy the beauty and culture it offers to its visitors. Most of the famous attractions such as the City Palace, the luxurious hotels such as Taj Lake Palace, Oberoi Udaivilas, Jag Mandir Palace etc. are all located on or around Lake Pichola.
Since Udaipur is part of the desert land of the State of Rajasthan, therefore be ready to experience harsh summers, when temperatures rise up to 114º F (45º C). However, nights are still cooler than days due to desert effect.
The best time to visit Udaipur is between the months of September and March. However, depending on what you want to do in Udaipur:
November to February – These months constitute the winter season in Udaipur. The maximum temperature during this time does not go beyond 86º F (30º C) and the minimum hovers around 53º F (12º C). The slight breeze in the air offers tourists a perfect climate for sightseeing.
March to June – These months constitute the summer season in Udaipur and summers quite extreme. While days are hot with the maximum temperature ranging between 104º – 113º F (45º – 40º C), evenings are relatively pleasant.
July to October – These months constitute the monsoon season in Udaipur. Even rainfall is significantly less but the surrounding mountains turns lush green and very scenic. During this off season budget travelers can take advantage of good hotel and travel deals.
This was my first trip to Udaipur from Kolkata by Air India. Just landed at Maharana Pratap Airport in Udaipur, found it a very small airport but well managed. Many domestic airlines connect the city to all the major cities of India including Jaipur, Mumbai, Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. Daily air services are available for Delhi and Mumbai.
Taking a pre-paid taxi from Udaipur Airport to our Hotel
After we arrived and got our bag, we found currency exchange booths inside also when we went out to the arrival hall saw few ATMs.
Getting a ride from airport to the city was easy. From Maharana Pratap Airport (UDR) located near Dabok to our hotel was about 28 Miles (45 km), and pre-paid AC Taxi costed us 800 rupees (US$ 12.00). Payed upfront and got a taxi voucher from the booth outside the terminal and the agent directed us to our designated driver. It took us about an hour to get to our hotel.
Udaipur Railway Station is located not so far from the city center and is well connected with all the other cities of Rajasthan as well as India. From Udaipur there are frequent trains runs between Udaipur connecting Jaipur, Mumbai and Delhi. Reserved a taxi ride from the hotel desk to railway station costed 400 rupees (US$ 6.00) for a 5 miles (8 km) ride.
Udaipur is well connected by road to major cities in India. It is great to enjoy exciting road trips to and from Udaipur. I have taken a road trip by private taxi from from Udaipur to Jodhpur and had a great experience of a lifetime. There are also bus services (regular / deluxe) connecting Udaipur with nearby cities including Delhi, Jaipur, Chittorgarh, Indore, Kota, Ajmer, Ahmedabad and Mt. Abu.
Moving around the city is not a problem at all as there are variety of transportation to choose from. You won’t find yellow taxis but what you will find are average to luxurious private taxi/cab. I have hired both tuk tuk and private taxi on a 12 hours basis for sightseeing purposes or for day trips and found it very safe, convenient and cost effective.
One of the friendliest and tourist friendly driver was Mr. Tara Tel: +91 9772889556. I would definitely recommend him for your Udaipur trip and specially for those who are travel photographer.
Mr. Tara in white dress, one of the friendlies guide I have ever met in Udaipur
The locals usually depend on Tongas and Auto-rickshaws (Three-wheelers/tuk tuk) to move around the city. Auto Rickshaws are easily available throughout the city. You have to bargain with the auto-rickshaw driver and set the fair in advance. Unmetered taxis are also available in the city, but same obstacle of bargaining which was kind or difficult for a first timer like me.
Udaipur is a small city and not crowded with vehicles, so one can get around the city on a bicycle. You can hire bicycles that are available all over the city.
Interested to hire a Tuk Tuk for your sightseeing then Mr. Imran is your best bet. He is friendly, knows all the tourist spots in town and speaks english. It should not cost you more than 1500 rupees / day. His Cell +91 9829479030, email: imran4201@yahoo.com. Note that he will definitely try his best to convince you for few shopping runs, if you are not interested just tell him not to waste your time.
There are many monuments and palaces to be explored in the city of Udaipur. The ones that are not to be missed are the City Palace, Jag Mandir palace and Bagore-Ki Haveli. These are some of the most popular monuments in Udaipur. Don’t forget to take a boat ride and enjoy the sunset and the beautiful view of Lake Palace hotel and it’s architectural mastery.
Pichola Lake is one of the most beautiful and picturesque lakes of Rajasthan with a dimensions of 3 miles long 2 miles in wide and has depth of 30 feet. Located in the heart of the city, Pichola Lake is one of the largest lakes in Udaipur. The beautiful lake was built In 1362, by Pichhu Banjara during the ruling period of Maharana Lakha.
The lake looks beautiful with its scenic surroundings, with the perfect backdrop of lush green hills. Pichola Lake is enveloped by towering Palaces like the City Palace, temples, bathing ghats and elevated hills on all its sides. The mesmerizing beauty of Lake Pichola makes it worth visiting during your visit to Udaipur.
Lake Pichola, Udaipur
It is an artificial lake named after Maharana Fateh Singh of Udaipur and Mewar, constructed north-west of Udaipur, to the north of Lake Pichola in the 1680s.
Fateh Sagar Lake is the second artificial lake of Udaipur, the first being Jaisamand lake. Located in the north of Lake Pichola, Fateh Sagar Lake lies just besides the entrance to Moti Magri Hill. It’s about 2.4 km long and 1.6 km wide and deep to the extent of 11.5 meters.
It is beautiful during the sunset, makes it most attractive place Udaipur to visit.
Lake Fateh Sagar, Udaipur
During our short trip to Udaipur we did not what to rush through all the spots just to mark them as seen. Our guide Mr. Imran suggested us to visit The Monsoon Palace, also known as the Sajjan Garh Palace on top of a hill. You can’t miss it because it was visble from all the prats of Udiapur.
It is said that originally this Palace was built to get a glimpse of Maharana Sajjan Singh’s hometown Chittargarh. Also the panoramic view of Udaipur was outstanding from the palace. It’s only 5 km away from Udaipur at an elevation of 2268 ft.
I definitely recommend to visit this 19th. century built palace if you are in Udaipur and looking for something interesting.
Udaipur City Palace is one of the architectural wonder of Rajasthan, located on the banks of Lake Pichola. It.
The Palace has various towers, arches and domes and consists of several places that together from the wonderful City Place. The main part of the palace is now designated as a museum displaying historical artefacts. You can’t afford not to visit this place.
The City Place Udaipur
If you are visiting The City Palace then you can’t miss it, as it is located in the same complex. This Temple is one of the most famous temple of Udaipur and one of the most visited in the region. If you are staying in the old town like Lal Ghat area then you are only few minutes walk away. Jagdish temple was built in 1651 by the Maharana Jagat Singh who ruled the Udaipur during the 1628 – 1653.
Now a hotel ((Taj Lake Palace), The Lake Palace was originally called Jag Niwas Palace and served as a summer palace. Built between 1743 and 1746 on the island near Jagmandir Palace in Lake Pichola.
Taj Lake Palace is one of the most luxurious hotels in India, which often features among the top 10 hotels of the world. You must have seen this magnificent hotel from the James bond movie ‘Octopussy’. I wanted to stay there at least for a night for the experience, but could not afford it, extremely expensive. I heard from friends that it will worth every penny you pay.
The Lake Palace is not converted to a Hotel
A visit to Udaipur is incomplete without taking a boat ride to the Jag Mandir Palace, built on an island in the Lake Pichola. It is also called the “Lake Garden Palace”. Boat is the only way to reach this palace.
This hour long journey gives you splendid views of the City Palace complex, the picturesque ghats, Sajjangarh and Bagore ki Haveli. Built in marble and yellow sandstone, the towering structure displays marvelous architecture.
Jag Mandir Udaipur
The construction of Jag Mandir Palace.
Mewar dynasty has seen a number of great Rajput heroes, or pearl hill situated by the banks of Fateh Sagar Lake. The memorial shows Maharana Pratap atop his loyal horse Chetak, and even with the many great architectural marvels of Udaipur, Moti Magri manages to stand out.
Bagore-ki-Haveli is a 18th-century haveli, located right on the waterfront of Lake Pichola at Gangori Ghat.
The haveli has 138 rooms, as well as numerous corridors, balconies, courtyards and terraces. The most interesting is to visit the haveli in the evening to watch the colorful Rajasthani folk dance and music. Dharohar Dance is between 7:00 pm to 8:00 pm
Cost: Bagore-ki-Haveli Rs 30; Dharohar Dance Rs 100, camera Rs 50
Address: Gangaur Ghat, Udaipur, Rajasthan, India
Chunda Palace, 1 Haridas Ji Ki Magri, Main Road, Udaipur, Rajasthan
Our stay at Chunda Palace Hotel was excellent, the heritage style hotel was designed to portray the elegance and charm of Mewar dynasty, it truly gave us a royal stay. The palace took 16 years to get the beautiful architecture and the royalty which fascinated us.
During the high season you need to make booking months ahead of your trip otherwise you risk of getting sold out situation .
Chunda Palace, Udaipur
Jaiwana Haveli, 14, Lalghat, Udaipur, Rajasthan.
Next to the hotel there were so many traditional sea food restaurants. I was happy to try few of them. It was so delicious and cheap. Here are some of the items I tried there.
Typical Rajasthani Kanda Poha for Breakfast (Flattened Rice).
Vegetarian Thali – Local Delicacy!Building a bridge AFC-style
Back to the Table of Contents
ASF: "YOU are interested in her, SHE appears interested in you, what you need is a bridge to open communications: such bridges are constructed from a readily available material known commonly as bullshite. Think up some credible or not so credible story & get over there and knock on her door. You could tell her you're thinking of buying a dog and ask here advice, you could say you've noticed she drinks beer & you know of a good supplier, you could tell her you're doing a survey (you have a PC, so make some convincing looking questionnaires), you could tell her you're selling insurance or anything. It doesn't matter: you know its bullshit and she knows its bullshit. If she's receptive, as appears, it doesn't matter, she'll play along - that's one of the reasons why god put bullshit on earth. If not, she'll tell you to fuck off: so what?"
Update
.
The Spare Shoe technique
. This is a variation of building an AFC-style bridge with a little less AFC-ness and a little more PUA-ness. Don't be fooled however, the fact that the bridge is built out of BS doesn't have to mean it won't hold, especially if she is laughing her way across the bridge:)
Benjamin Strackany, mindlist: "Go up there one evening and bring a shoe or shirt or something. Knock on her door. When she answers, say, "Hey, you, I was just passing by and I noticed this shoe here. Is it yours?" Well, of course she'll say no, and then you smile and reply, "Oh, hmm, well, I guess it must be mine then. So what're you up to?" Then chat a little more and then run an SS pattern on her. Or chat a bit more and then sit down in her doorway and continue talking as if everything is natural. She'll notice and laugh and either invite you in or else ask what you're doing. You can then reply, "Oh, I was getting a little tired standing up, but we're having such fun talking that I decided to rest a bit so I could put all my energy into making you laugh." She'll smile and either sit down to continue talking or else invite you in.
Even if she's busy, the above should make a cute impression, and you can follow up with an SS pattern to ask her out to coffee."
Comment / Contribute / UpdateOntrack Data Recovery has set up a data recovery lab and cleanroom in Brisbane to better service its Australian customers.
Headquartered in Minneapolis, Ontrack provides a range of data recovery options to corporations, businesses, end users and service providers. With the addition of the Brisbane facility, the company now has 18 offices in countries including Spain, Germany, Poland, Japan and Canada.
Managing Director of Ontrack Australia Adrian Briscoe hopes that having a facility in Brisbane will both service local customers better and grow the customer base.
Ontrack has 315 local customers, three quarters of which are service providers who resell Ontracks services or products.
"Our service partners are vitally important to our business, as they are at the coalface and have direct contact with the customers."
Briscoe said he would be actively seeking new partners in Australia and pointed out that the facility would employ entirely local staff.
"By the end of the year we will have six local employees. That will include engineers, technical imaging professionals and those working in business and customer relationships," he said.
Briscoe said that Brisbane was the ideal location as it only had a two hour time zone difference with key Asian locations.Pintus Gym Cake Online Miras Dial A Cake Bangalore With Birthday Cake Ideas Gym Regarding Home
Pintus gym cake online miras dial a cake bangalore with birthday cake ideas gym regarding home in HD resoutions for free. This images was added in Friday, 12 January 2018 which is part of the Birthday Cakes collection. It’s native resolution is 1248x1024 pixels.The Pharmacy and Poisons Board has banned the sale of medicines that contain an opioid pain reliever known as codeine without a doctor’s chit.
By clamping the sale of these drugs without proper prescription, the board wants to tame abuse of and addiction to codeine.
Among the drugs that will need a doctor’s prescription before purchase are three common cold medicines and a painkiller.
Prescription will be restricted to three days.
The board also gave manufacturers six months to change packages of drugs that contain codeine to include clear and prominently positioned warnings on labels, summary product characteristics and patient information leaflets about the risk of addiction and the importance of not taking them for more than three days.
SEVERE PAINEver since it first came to market in 1993, the anticonvulsant drug Neurontin has consistently been one of Pfizer's top earners, generating considerable sales and driving strong growth for the New York-based company. With this drug set to lose patent protection Pfizer is gearing up to launch its replacement. Datamonitor investigates whether pregabalin will allow Pfizer to maintain its market share. In the brief Pregabalin: Follow-On Strategy a Winner for Pfizer Datamonitor analyzes why Pfizer s developing pregabalin, through analysis of the blockbuster Neurontin. It predicts the outlook of pregabalin in three main markets it is expected to enter; namely epilepsy, anxiety, and neuropathic pain, by analyzing clinical trial data and competitive activity. The pros and cons of off-label prescriptions are discussed, and forecasts are provided for Neurontin and pregabalin to 2010. Neurontin, whose active ingredient is gabapentin, is approved in more than fifty countries worldwide for a variety of indications, including the adjunctive treatment of epilepsy and a range of neuropathic pain conditions. Since its launch, the treatment has rapidly grown to blockbuster status generating sales of over $2 billion in 2002 alone. But the imminent loss of patent protection means that this cash cow will soon be subject to imminent challenges from cheap copycat versions from generic manufacturers. Delaying tactics In order to stave off this threat and so maintain and grow its share of the anticonvulsant market, Pfizer must ensure that a follow-on pregabalin compound is launched before Neurontin loses its patent. Such a strategy would be typical of Pfizer, which has maintained leadership in other CNS markets, such as depression and pain, through the successful launch of follow-on products. Neurontin's patent originally expired in 2001, although, just prior to this, Pfizer produced a production patent that granted the drug protection until 2014. However, this patent has since been challenged by several generic manufacturers in the courts, with accusations that Pfizer was illegally seeking to perpetuate their monopoly on the drug. In response, Pfizer has sued the generic manufacturers to prevent them from manufacturing generic versions of Neurontin. Pfizer has therefore secured itself additional time to effectively prepare pregabalin for launch. The company is doubtless aware that as soon as Neurontin finally loses patent protection sales will drop dramatically. The FDA has already granted Alpharma market exclusivity for generic gabapentin. The exclusivity currently applies to 100mg, 300mg and 400mg capsules, but the company anticipates that the FDA will extend it to include 600mg and 800mg gabapentin tablets as well. Alpharma, however, expected to wait for a court ruling on the validity of Pfizer's production patent before entering the market. Pregabalin groundwork Like Neurontin, its planned replacement is a 3-substituted analog of gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA). It is thought the two compounds share similar mechanisms of action, binding to the calcium channels, modulating calcium influx, and resulting in analgesic, anxiolytic, and anticonvulsant activity. Studies have shown two key differences between the drugs: Pregabalin provides equivalent efficacy at lower doses, and because of this, pregabalin is unlikely to be associated with dose-related adverse events, such as fatigue. Pfizer has already begun laying the groundwork for pregabalin's product lifecycle by using Neurontin to establish its position in a number of key markets. Pfizer's strategy is to establish Neurontin in markets that pregabalin will be launched into, so the acceptance by physicians of the new compound is high. This has been approached either through an actual indication (e.g. neuropathic pain) or through the publication of clinical trial data to encourage off-label use. Datamonitor expects off-label prescriptions of pregabalin to be a profitable source of sales, as has been the case with Neurontin. However, this is a risky strategy and Pfizer must consider several key issues surrounding off-label usage to avoid negative publicity. Off-label use refers to the use of an approved drug for any purpose other than what is described in the drug's labeling, and over 70% of Neurontin sales come from off-label prescriptions. In essence, the more versatile a drug is, the greater its revenue generating potential, and Pfizer expects pregabalin will be used as a safer alternative to Neurontin. Another blockbuster? However, to avoid lawsuits, loss of reputation and bad publicity, Datamonitor recommends that Pfizer drives off-label pregabalin usage through the presentation of clinical information in respected peer-reviewed medical journals and independent clinical studies. Datamonitor believes pregabalin will provide Pfizer with yet another blockbuster product. Sales are expected to cannibalize Neurontin following launch in 2003, as Pfizer minimizes generic erosion by convincing physicians to switch therapies. Datamonitor forecasts pregabalin to achieve blockbuster sales by 2010. Due to the fact it offers a superior clinical profile to its predecessor, physicians are expected to switch from full priced Neurontin to pregabalin. While Neurontin is only indicated as an adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in epilepsy, wider approved treatment indications will ensure a greater patient potential for pregabalin and allow Pfizer to market the new drug directly to physicians and patients for these indications, rather than depend on off-label use..Races in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (PA) Detailed Stats
Ancestries, Foreign born residents, place of birth
Reset to defaults
Latest news about races in Philadelphia, PA collected exclusively by city-data.com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations
Race distribution in Philadelphia
Races in Philadelphia, PA (2016)
-, PA (2000)
- 646,12342.6%Black alone
- 644,39542.5%White alone
- 128,9288.5%Hispanic
- 67,1194.4%Asian alone
- 24,7261.6%Two or more races
- 2,8560.2%Other race alone
- 2,9080.2%American Indian alone
- 4950.03 Philadelphia
- Median household income in 2016
- $58,808White non-Hispanic householders
- $31,737Black householders
- $18,704American Indian and Alaska Native householders
- $48,063Asian householders
- $64,905Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander householders
- $29,888Some other race householders
- $40,146Two or more races householders
- $30,066Hispanic or Latino race householders
- Median 2016 house value
- $185,052White Non-Hispanic householders
- $114,363Black or African American householders
- $136,832American Indian or Alaska Native householders
- $149,960Asian householders
- $156,524Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander householders
- $95,681Some other race householders
- $134,055Two or more races householders
- $101,740Hispanic or Latino householders
Household income for White non-Hispanic householders
Household income for Black householders
Household income for American Indian and Alaska Native householders
Household income for Asian householders
Household income for Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander householders
Household income for Some other race householders
Household income for Two or more races householders
Household income for Hispanic or Latino race householders
Median age by race in Philadelphia
- 36.4Median age for White residents
- 35.8Males
- 37.3Females
- 33.7Median age for Black or African American residents
- 30.5Males
- 36.7Females
- 39.7Median age for American Indian / Alaska Native residents
- 32.1Males
- 45.5Females
- 32.7Median age for Asian residents
- 31.9Males
- 33.5Females
- 42.3Median age for Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander residents
- 50.3Males
- 42.2Females
- 27.9Median age for Other race residents
- 27.1Males
- 28.7Females
- 21.5Median age for Two or more races residents
- 17.5Males
- 24.5Females
- 38.1Median age for White alone, not Hispanic / Latino residents
- 37.1Males
- 39.4Females
- 27.2Median age for Hispanic or Latino residents
- 26.3Males
- 27.8Females
Owner/renter occupied households by race in Philadelphia
- House owners and renters - White / Caucasian residents
- 148,78456.8%Owner occupied
- 112,97143.2%Renter occupied
- 56.8%43.2%
- House owners and renters - Black or African American residents
- 117,09449.2%Owner occupied
- 120,97450.8%Renter occupied
- 49.2%50.8%
- House owners and renters - American Indian / Alaska Native residents
- 55831.3%Owner occupied
- 1,22468.7%Renter occupied
- 31.3%68.7%
- House owners and renters - Asian residents
- 17,31449.7%Owner occupied
- 17,51650.3%Renter occupied
- 49.7%50.3%
- House owners and renters - Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander residents
- 24263.7%Owner occupied
- 13836.3%Renter occupied
- 63.7%36.3%
- House owners and renters - Other race residents
- 13,87544.6%Owner occupied
- 17,26455.4%Renter occupied
- 44.6%55.4%
- House owners and renters - Two or more races residents
- 4,82838.7%Owner occupied
- 7,64261.3%Renter occupied
- 38.7%61.3%
- House owners and renters - White alone, not Hispanic / Latino residents
- 137,16758.7%Owner occupied
- 96,32241.3%Renter occupied
- 58.7%41.3%
- House owners and renters - Hispanic or Latino residents
- 27,08641.0%Owner occupied
- 38,92959.0%Renter occupied
- 41.0%59.0%
Language usage in Philadelphia
- English speakers - Total
- 76.7% of residents of Philadelphia speak English at home.
- 10.5% of residents speak Spanish at home
- 87,40256.9%Speak English very well
- 66,16943.1%Speak English less than very well
- 56.9%43.1%
- 12.7% of residents speak other language at home
- 91,26749.1%Speak English very well
- 94,71050.9%Speak English less than very well
- 49.1%50.9%
- English speakers - Born in the United States
- 87.7% of residents of Philadelphia speak English at home.
- 6.4% of residents speak Spanish at home
- 13,34383.3%Speak English very well
- 2,67416.7%Speak English less than very well
- 83.3%16.7%
- 6.0% of residents speak other language at home
- 13,42689.3%Speak English very well
- 1,60610.7%Speak English less than very well
- 89.3%10.7%
- English speakers - Native, born elsewhere
- 18.9% of residents of Philadelphia speak English at home.
- 73.3% of residents speak Spanish at home
- 17,77942.0%Speak English very well
- 24,54658.0%Speak English less than very well
- 42.0%58.0%
- 7.8% of residents speak other language at home
- 3,38074.9%Speak English very well
- 1,13325.1%Speak English less than very well
- 74.9%25.1%
- English speakers - Foreign born
- 21.9% of residents of Philadelphia speak English at home.
- 18.6% of residents speak Spanish at home
- 10,69225.0%Speak English very well
- 31,99275.0%Speak English less than very well
- 25.0%75.0%
- 59.4% of residents speak other language at home
- 50,13736.9%Speak English very well
- 85,90563.1%Speak English less than very well
- 36.9%63.1%
Foreign born residents in Philadelphia
232,031 residents are foreign born (5.3% Latin America, 3.4% Asia, 2.2% Europe, 1.9% Africa).
Median age by place of birth - Philadelphia
Place of birth - Philadelphia
White
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Black or African American
Place of birth - Philadelphia
American Indian / Alaska Native
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Asian
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Other race
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Two or more races
Place of birth - Philadelphia
White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
Place of birth - Philadelphia
Hispanic or Latino
Population born outside the United States - Philadelphia
Year of entry for the foreign-born population - Philadelphia
Year of entry for the foreign-born male population
Year of entry for the foreign-born female population
Place of birth by age - Philadelphia
Marital status for residents in Philadelphia
- Males
- 49.5%Never married
- 37.2%Now married
- 2.2%Separated
- 3.1%Widowed
- 8.0%Divorced
- Females
- 42.6%Never married
- 34.7%Now married
- 3.0%Separated
- 9.7%Widowed
- 10.0%Divorced
- Males
- 60.8%Never married
- 24.5%Now married
- 3.3%Separated
- 2.9%Widowed
- 8.5%Divorced
- Females
- 57.3%Never married
- 17.8%Now married
- 4.8%Separated
- 9.8%Widowed
- 10.3%Divorced
- Males
- 62.2%Never married
- 26.7%Now married
- 4.8%Separated
- 0.0%Widowed
- 6.4%Divorced
- Females
- 43.7%Never married
- 8.1%Now married
- 17.9%Separated
- 15.6%Widowed
- 14.7%Divorced
- Males
- 43.0%Never married
- 46.7%Now married
- 2.4%Separated
- 1.8%Widowed
- 6.2%Divorced
- Females
- 35.3%Never married
- 47.7%Now married
- 3.2%Separated
- 7.6%Widowed
- 6.2%Divorced
- Males
- 85.2%Never married
- 13.8%Now married
- 0.0%Separated
- 1.0%Widowed
- 0.0%Divorced
- Females
- 62.9%Never married
- 15.4%Now married
- 8.0%Separated
- 6.1%Widowed
- 7.6%Divorced
- Males
- 62.6%Never married
- 26.2%Now married
- 2.8%Separated
- 2.9%Widowed
- 5.5%Divorced
- Females
- 56.4%Never married
- 23.7%Now married
- 4.7%Separated
- 4.6%Widowed
- 10.6%Divorced
- Males
- 59.7%Never married
- 32.8%Now married
- 0.0%Separated
- 1.6%Widowed
- 5.9%Divorced
- Females
- 48.4%Never married
- 28.7%Now married
- 5.7%Separated
- 5.2%Widowed
- 11.9%Divorced
- Males
- 49.2%Never married
- 37.5%Now married
- 1.6%Separated
- 3.4%Widowed
- 8.3%Divorced
- Females
- 41.8%Never married
- 35.1%Now married
- 2.5%Separated
- 10.5%Widowed
- 10.1%Divorced
- Males
- 59.5%Never married
- 29.4%Now married
- 4.1%Separated
- 1.0%Widowed
- 6.0%Divorced
- Females
- 53.0%Never married
- 26.0%Now married
- 6.0%Separated
- 4.3%Widowed
- 10.6%Divorced
Ancestries in Philadelphia
Ancestries in Philadelphia
- 45,7504.5%Irish
- 42,5384.1%Italian
- 22,0952.2%African
- 19,6831.9%American
- 18,6531.8%German
- 15,9931.6%Polish
- 13,1251.3%Jamaican
- 12,3071.2%Haitian
- 10,8581.1%Ukrainian
- 8,3530.8%Russian
- 7,7560.8%English
- 5,6640.6%European
- 4,9700.5%Brazilian
- 4,8110.5%Albanian
- 4,5830.4%Nigerian
- 3,8230.4%Eastern European
- 2,8320.3%Moroccan
- 2,7180.3%Trinidadian and Tobagonian
- 2,5860.3%West Indian
- 2,5100.2%Ethiopian
- 2,4730.2%Turkish
- 2,4300.2%Greek
- 2,4230.2%Scottish
- 2,3660.2%Liberian
- 1,9070.2%Arab
- 1,7790.2%French
- 1,7370.2%Guyanese
- 1,7270.2%Egyptian
- 1,6380.2%Barbadian
- 1,3770.1%British
- 1,2450.1%Portuguese
- 1,0110.10%Hungarian
- 9670.09%Sudanese
- 8140.08%Iranian
- 8110.08%Romanian
- 7850.08%Dutch
- 7790.08%Scotch-Irish
- 7700.08%Lithuanian
- 7700.08%Bahamian
- 7030.07%Ghanaian
- 6880.07%Pennsylvania German
- 6720.07%Slovak
- 6670.06%Yugoslavian
- 5630.05%Palestinian
- 5570.05%Norwegian
- 4920.05%Armenian
- 4490.04%British West Indian
- 4440.04%Israeli
- 4310.04%Czech
- 3690.04%Croatian
- 3600.04%Iraqi
- 3530.03%French Canadian
- 3260.03%Danish
- 3070.03%Kenyan
- 3060.03%Sierra Leonean
- 2660.03%Bulgarian
- 2550.02%Welsh
- 2490.02%Austrian
- 2070.02%Finnish
- 2020.02%Canadian
- 1940.02%Swedish
- 1800.02%Senegalese
- 1640.02%Northern European
- 1620.02%South African
- 1540.02%Lebanese
- 1510.01%Swiss
- 1480.01%Serbian
- 1470.01%Latvian
- 910.01%Slavic
- 840.01%Ugandan
- 830.01%Cypriot
- 820.01%Afghan
- 680.01%Zimbabwean
- 640.01%Basque
Geographical mobility in Philadelphia
Geographical mobility - Same house 1 year ago (%)
- 509,39281.4%White (Caucasian)
- 575,29288.2%Black or African American
- 4,59685.5%American Indian / Alaska Native
- 90,14082.7%Asian
- 99177.8%Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
- 84,59882.7%Other race
- 39,73381.3%Two or more races
- 440,98382.2%White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
- 177,12380.1%Hispanic or Latino
Geographical mobility - Moved within same county (%)
- 65,14310.4%White
- 59,7709.2%Black or African American
- 65312.1%American Indian / Alaska Native
- 8,6257.9%Asian
- 816.4%Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
- 13,21212.9%Other race
- 5,71211.7%Two or more races
- 53,36810.0%White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
- 28,98913.1%Hispanic or Latino
Geographical mobility - Moved within same state (%)
- 20,4233.3%White (Caucasian)
- 6,1860.9%Black or African American
- 330.6%American Indian / Alaska Native
- 2,4492.2%Asian
- 151.2%Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
- 9821.0%Other race
- 1,0692.2%Two or more races
- 19,2113.6%White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
- 2,4771.1%Hispanic or Latino
Geographical mobility - Moved from different state (%)
- 23,2093.7%White / Caucasian
- 8,0341.2%Black or African American
- 691.3%American Indian / Alaska Native
- 3,4223.1%Asian
- 1048.2%Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
- 2,4532.4%Other race
- 1,4543.0%Two or more races
- 19,2223.6%White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
- 7,2323.3%Hispanic or Latino
Geographical mobility - Moved from abroad (%)
- 7,4201.2%White
- 2,9340.4%Black or African American
- 60.1%American Indian / Alaska Native
- 4,3494.0%Asian
- 241.9%Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander
- 1,1011.1%Other race
- 8801.8%Two or more races
- 3,4570.6%White alone, not Hispanic / Latino
- 5,3032.4%Hispanic or Latino
Children Nativity (place of birth) in Philadelphia
Place of birth for residents in Philadelphia
Place of birth for the foreign-born population - Regions
- 85,187Americas
- 83,014Latin America
- 81,720Asia
- 49,370Caribbean
- 34,447Europe
- 30,447Africa
- 26,560South Central Asia
- 25,913South Eastern Asia
- 23,656Eastern Europe
- 22,814Eastern Asia
- 19,618China
- 17,102Central America
- 16,542South America
- 14,934Western Africa
- 6,540Northern Africa
- 5,795Western Asia
- 4,426Southern Europe
- 4,101Western Europe
- 3,341Eastern Africa
- 2,389Middle Africa
- 2,205Northern Europe
- 2,173Northern America
- 230Oceania
- 164Australia and New Zealand Subregion
- 90Southern Africa
Place of birth for the foreign-born population - Countries
- 19,037Dominican Republic
- 18,469China
- 13,986India
- 12,237Vietnam
- 11,848Jamaica
- 10,439Haiti
- 8,344Ukraine
- 7,613Mexico
- 5,742Brazil
- 5,417Philippines
- 4,787Albania
- 4,408Cambodia
- 4,300Liberia
- 4,260Guatemala
- 4,259Colombia
- 3,635Nigeria
- 2,975Russia
- 2,774Trinidad and Tobago
- 2,646Korea
- 2,594Ghana
- 2,571Pakistan
- 2,523Ethiopia
- 2,487Bangladesh
- 2,459Italy
- 2,414Uzbekistan
- 2,330Barbados
- 2,262Morocco
- 2,239Honduras
- 2,173Canada
- 1,946Guyana
- 1,882Germany
- 1,854El Salvador
- 1,603Poland
- 1,428France
- 1,368Egypt
- 1,319Nepal
- 1,314Indonesia
- 1,210Sudan
- 1,130St. Vincent and the Grenadines
- 1,107Argentina
- 1,089Thailand
- 1,026Cameroon
- 977Peru
- 967Portugal
- 890Sierra Leone
- 872Saudi Arabia
- 868Iran
- 860Cuba
- 841Ecuador
- 811Sri Lanka
- 775Jordan
- 754Israel
- 743United Kingdom
- 700Kuwait
- 660Venezuela
- 619Laos
- 619Bosnia and Herzegovina
- 598Taiwan
- 575Panama
- 562Malaysia
- 551Hong Kong
- 550Japan
- 519Greece
- 514Ireland
- 508Kenya
- 481Spain
- 471Romania
- 460Chile
- 458Kazakhstan
- 431England
- 409Costa Rica
- 390Dominica
- 376Bolivia
- 372Moldova
- 352Bulgaria
- 348Iraq
- 345Netherlands
- 306Belarus
- 294Turkey
- 291Hungary
- 219Bahamas
- 216Belgium
- 183Denmark
- 164Australia
- 141Latvia
- 137Czechoslovakia
- 137Burma
- 130Singapore
- 124Austria
- 106Switzerland
- 98Scotland
- 97Croatia
- 93Belize
- 90South Africa
- 84Yemen
- 83Somalia
- 65Sweden
- 60Uruguay
- 59Nicaragua
- 0Macedonia
- 0Lithuania
- 0Grenada
- 0Azores Islands
- 0West Indies
- 0Afghanistan
- 0Norway
- 0Cabo Verde
- 0Syria
- 0Eritrea
- 0Armenia
- 0Serbia
- 0New Zealand
- 0Fiji
- 0Lebanon
Grandparents responsible for own grandchildren in.It has been a tiring month for me while gearing up at my new workplace, sewing orders for cat cafe. I haven’t been productive in creating new things, making ideas and sewing something different until I was watching Project Runway All Star Season 4 last night and have this sewing kicks to get something out from my usual norm.
I’ve been wanting to create a clutch or something big enough to store all my junks that I carry to work. I found this print in Tokyo, Japan, it was love at first sight, I bought at least a yard without thinking what I will do to it. I did not use this print for any custom order, it was more of my secret stash hidden in my fabric drawer. I always tend to take it out and admire the popish mushroom, thinking what I should create with this print… Then I will keep it away fearing I might finish this fabric too fast that I don’t get to see it again.
I think I really love this print with the green zip so I made this big pouch, I added padding to make it feel like a cushion, quite nice touch to carry. My next step, I want to learn to make leather closing or handle to add on. This pouch is huge enough to store my notes, my tablet and many other mini bags I had. Yup, I’m a mini pouch hoarder!
Take a stroll in the shroomy forest with the popish mushroom print from Japan.Ginger Root 1,000 recipe Chinese cookbook, ginger was an ingredient in all 1,000 recipes. This is a wonderful herb whether you take it in capsule form, as a tea, or in the foods you eat.
Ginger is the best remedy for upset stomach and nausea. If you’re like me, you also like to be able to have ginger on hand. It is one of the “sweet” spices you may already have in your cupboard. If you are feeling nauseous, put a small amount of ground ginger on your tongue (1/8 of a tsp.) and suck on it. Ginger is actually quite hot so a small amount is all you want at a time. If you like to use fresh ginger–and you know it doesn’t keep forever–put some in the freezer. When you need it, take it out of the freezer and grate a small amount into a cup. Add warm to hot water and sip slowly until nausea passes. Want to grow your own? Take young, plump ginger root and put in a pot, about half buried in soil. Ginger is a tropical plant so unless you live in the tropics, you’ll have to bring it in for the winter. Crystallized ginger (candy) is easy to make. It is young, plump ginger that is peeled, sliced thinly and cooked in sugar syrup. Then dried and rolled in sugar. It is perfectly preserved this way and makes a great “candy.” Not through yet. There’s ginger marmalade. I’ve made this by using apple juice as the base and adding peeled and finely chopped ginger (follow directions on Sur Jel package for apple jelly).
You can also buy crystallized ginger candy and ginger marmalade. Did you ever put frosting on graham crackers and put two together for instant cookies. Try it with ginger marmalade. Delicious.Implementation of a Non-Traditional Groundwater Level Monitoring Network in New Mexico
Monday, December 4, 2017: 1:50 p.m.
102 B (Music City Center)
In the southwest U.S., we face a future of warmer annual average temperatures, with increasing variability in precipitation, reduced groundwater recharge, and increasing demand on groundwater. However, because of limited funding, groundwater level monitoring programs in New Mexico have been shrinking over the past several years. Maintaining or growing current groundwater monitoring networks in New Mexico are expanding with “non-traditional” methods. In 2016, the New Mexico Bureau of Geology and Mineral Resources (NMBGMR), through a public-private funding partnership, began the Collaborative Groundwater Monitoring Network (network). The goal of the network is to fill spatial and temporal gaps in groundwater level monitoring, while promoting increased awareness of water issues and providing an important dataset for making informed water management decisions. This collaboration is achieved by collecting data from parties that are monitoring water levels, equipping or manually measuring wells, and providing education and outreach to parties interested in learning to monitor water levels. These data are made available to the public through the NMBGMR webmap.Why Bruce Springsteen's depression revelation matters
Alex Lubet. Were one also to include artists known to self-medicate with drugs and alcohol but marital status, frequently without identifiable Patti.Comment on this article
Alex Lubet does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organisation that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond their academic appointment.I have played Arkenstone for about 5 years, and am tired of the "zombiatic" experience so I am coming to brandywine. I am very active if the kin is good and willing to do just about anything that revolves around the kin.
From the official thread
Your name, or character name and race (if known): RicoTheNinja, Race Unknown At This Time
Age: (some kinships have real life age limits) 16
Preferred server(s), if any. (This is not needed, just for kinship info.): Brandywine
Location. (Timezone preferences if any, state/country, etc.): Not really picky, would prefer US and around the Central Time area but open to any areas.
Playstyle. (Solo, group, PvE, PvP, RAIDs, casual, hardcore, end-game, RP, no RP, time limited, crafter, “I don’t know, I’m new to this kind of game”, etc.): Im a "all the round" player, I will do just about anything for fun with the kin
MMO games you’ve played: PoTBS, Runesape, Others
Why kinships should be interested in you. In other words, why choose you and not another player. What do you offer kinships?: I am a very active, community based player looking for some friends to "tag" along with
What kind of kinship you are looking for. (This one is very important for recruiters): Im looking for a mature kin full of fun and creativity, a big plus if you have a ts3 or I can provide one. Able to help me as I am just now joining Brandywine so that could mainly include crafting until I get my crafting up and running.
Skype : RicoHarmon
Steam : [1stEPG]RicoTheNinja
Ts3 : 1stepgofficial.ts3dns.com.
Summer reading: who doesn't love.
Do the children you know love to read over the summer? Or is it a struggle to get them interested in books once the school year is over? And if the latter, how can we get children reading every single day — with big smiles on their faces?
Did you know that children who read just six books over summer vacation have a good shot at avoiding "summer reading loss." Just six! Less than one book per week! Rather than backsliding, daily reading helps children flex their reading muscles over the summer months, solidifying the gains they've made all year.
Bookmobiles and story hours
Take advantage of all the resources your community has to offer so you always have plenty of books around the house and opportunities to share stories with others. If you prefer to read books aloud in a language other than English, go for it!
Books that glow in the dark
One great feature of digital books is that they're so portable. Encourage your child to choose a few eBooks that he will especially enjoy. If you have an iPad, you might download storybook apps such as "Another Monster at the End of This Book" for the Sesame Street crowd ($3.99) or "Fox in Socks" by Dr. Seuss ($3.99). Older children might enjoy "Meanwhile," a choose-your-own-adventure graphic novel by Jason Shiga ($4.99).
Take a listen
Is listening to books read aloud also valuable for kids? Yes, absolutely. Children get to experience a wealth of books, read to them by storytellers or the authors themselves, digitally. Storynory features one new book per week that children can enjoy via multiple formats, including an iPod. The classics (nursery rhymes and fairy tales) might be a good jumping off point. Also check out Tales2Go a subscription-based trove of 1,700 audio stories (plus several nonfiction titles). Why not take several audio books along with you on vacation?
What books are YOU looking forward to reading this summer? What books are you planning to read to your children or send home with your students? What's you're strategy for keeping kids excited about reading? Let's hear from you!
Add commentRaiders stall in opener against Jets
The New York Jets outgained Oakland by nearly 250 yards and limited the visitors rushing attack to a measly 25 yards on 15 carries in a 19-14 victory over the Raiders at Met Life Stadium.
A 71-yard fourth-quarter scamper by Jets running back Chris Ivory put the game out of reach for the visiting Raiders, who were dominated by the stout Jets front seven, averaging only 1.7 on the ground Sunday afternoon.
Ivory averaged more than 10 yards a carry, running for 102 yards on 10 attempts. Maurice Jones-Drew had 11 yards on 9 carries in his first game as a Raider.
Rookie Derek Carr started off strong in his NFL debut, completing his first seven passes, including a touchdown to Rod Streater late in the first quarter. Carr ended up going 20-for-32 for 152 yards.
A diving interception by Charles Woodson set up the scoring drive in the 37-year-old veteran’s first game since returning to Oakland. The pick was one of two first half turnovers for Jet’s QB Geno Smith, who also fumbled in the red zone after having the ball knocked loose as he attempted to break a tackle.
Newly-acquired receiver James Jones was the real hero of the play, making a key block on the screen pass that allowed Streater to get around the edge untouched, and give Oakland an early 7-3.
Jones also made an incredible one-handed catch falling out of the end zone the end zone for a consolation score that cut the New York lead to 19-14 late in the game.
But Oakland was forced to punt on eight consecutive drives, five times going three and out. Without the threat of the run, the Jets were able to blitz the young Carr with reckless abandon, suffocating the Oakland passing attack.
New York did their best to keep Oakland in the game, leading by only six points for most of the contest despite out gaining Oakland 402-158.
The two Smith turnovers were compounded by 11 penalties for 105 yards, including two costly holding penalties that spoiled an impressive opening drive.
New York regained the lead at the end of the first half with a 12-play, 80-yard drive that culminated with a clever 5-yard shovel pass from Smith to half-back Chris Johnson to give the hosts a 10-7 advantage at the break.
After a shaky start, Smith went 23-for 28 for 221 yards with a TD and a pick.This entry is a bit different... I recorded a photography related video for my maker themed video blog. The video is shown below. Go to the entry for House of Hacks if you'd rather read the transcript than watch the video.
Best videos of 2017 at House of Hacks
2 weeks agoNifty & Sensex Hit All-Time High; A Fitting Finale To A Dream Year
Nifty & Sensex Hit All-Time High; A Fitting Finale To A Dream Year
Dec 28, 2017 | 05:15 PM IST
Dec 28, 2017 | 05:15 PM IST
Market This WeekThe market started on a positive note on Tuesday as both Sensex and Nifty continued to trade in the mildly higher side but on that day only Sensex touched 34k mark for the first time and Nifty made fresh new high crossing over the 10,540 mark. Nifty midcap and smallcap continued to outperform indices as dream rally continued in throughout the week. By the end of the week, the market continued to trade flat as domestic and global trigger lagged and eventually turned negative one day before last F&O expiry of 2017. On F&O expiry day market continued to trade volatile as stock-specific buying was seen especially in ADAG (Anil Dhirubhai Ambani) group of companies. Movers & Shakers Reliance Communications' Chairman Anil Ambani on Tuesday said the company would sell telecom assets, including spectrum, towers and fibre, worth Rs.25,000 crore by March 2018 to repay lenders and exit the ongoing strategic debt restructuring (SDR) programme. The company in its new avatar as an enterprise-focused business will sell the stake to global investors to cut loans further, he added. Ambani had said that the company's debt would shrink to Rs.6,000 crore from Rs.45,000 crore. Also, the company had reached an out-of-court settlement with China Development Bank which had filed an insolvency petition in the bankruptcy court to recover $1.78 billion, or about Rs.11,460 crore, from the telecom company. Balrampur Chini Mills was the biggest loser in the market for the week as the government of India has withdrawn stock holding and turnover limits on sugar dealers with immediate effect as the demand-supply condition is expected to be comfortable with the estimated rise in production. Key Market Drivers India's goods and services tax (GST) collections fell to the lowest since the tax regime was put in place on July 1. Total collections in November added up to Rs.80,808 crore, down from a provisional Rs.83,346 crore in October. The Finance Ministry is likely to issue the first tranche of recapitalization bonds to public sector banks (PSB) in early January. The government plans to infuse Rs.76,000 crore capital by giving it space in budgetary allocation and through markets, and rest Rs.1.35 lakh crore by issuing recapitalisation bonds. The government has decided to borrow an additional Rs.50,000 crore through dated securities this fiscal while trimming receipts via treasury bills by Rs.61,203 crore between now and March 2018. The Indian banking sector has been classified under ‘Group 5’ along with countries such as Italy, Spain, Ireland, the UAE and South Africa by S&P (Standard & Poor) on the basis of countries economy and industry risk criteria. Event Watch India monthly auto-sales figure will be one of the news to be watched very closely. The Winter session of Parliament will be ending on January 5, 2018, while debating a number of significant draft legislation. While 25 Bills are scheduled for consideration and passing, 14 are listed for introduction, while a few ordinances are slated to be replaced by acts after the bills are discussed and passed by the two houses of Parliament. Stocks To Watch RCOM is on the upside while Balrampur Chini Mills>>Wednesday, January 30, 2013
Deja Vu
I was driving Dylan to scouts today when this conversation ensued:
Dylan: Mom, next time you put that sticky popcorn stuff in my lunch, you need to also pack a plate, a fork, and a knife.
Me: You mean the carmel corn?
Dylan: Yeah. It is just wayyy too sticky to eat with my fingers.
Me: But it's popcorn. You want to use a knife and fork to eat popcorn??
Dylan: Yeah. It was just...really difficult to eat with my fingers.
Me: First of all, no. I'm never packing you a plate, fork, and knife to eat carmel corn. Secondly, it might be nice every once in awhile to hear, "Thank you for putting an extra treat in my lunch, Mom." Or, "Thanks for packing my lunch every day, Mom." All I get are complaints!
Dylan: Oh, Mom, you do so many things really good, too.
Me: Well, I never hear the good things. Only the bad.
Dylan: Do you want me to tell you the good things you do?
Me: Yes. Yes, I do.
Dylan: Well, you are a really good cleaner. You are seriously so good at mopping. And you're a really good cook, too. Is that better?
Me: Yes. Yes, it is.
After I dropped him off, I felt that this conversation seemed vaguely familiar.
And then I realized why. I have this same type of conversation with my husband all the time. :) He tries to make a helpful suggestion, I get all butt-hurt, and then I passive-aggressively make him tell me the good things I do. It's our schtick.
2 comments:
We're words of affirmation type of girls! I need to hear the good, too!
Hey, if my kids want home lunch they pack it themselves the night before baby! I got tired of the nit picking and said "enough!"
Now if I happen to do it they say "thanks mom!!" :DMultim.
After four putative class actions were consolidated in New York federal court, the parties engaged in more than two years of litigation, including discovery and motion practice, before reaching a settlement via mediation. American Eagle agreed to pay a total of $14.5 million into a nonreversionary settlement fund for class member claims, administration expenses, class representative awards, and attorneys' fees and costs.
The court granted preliminary approval in January and signed off on final approval of the deal in September. Class members will receive approximately $232 each, administration expenses topped $665,580, class counsel will receive more than $104,785 in costs and $4.35 million in fees, and a total of $10,000 in incentive fees will be paid to the four representatives.
More than 38,000 valid claim forms were submitted, the court said, with just nine members requesting to be excluded and six objections to the deal. Third-party defendant Experian Marketing Services objected to the agreement on the basis that the plaintiffs—by simply alleging a violation of the TCPA and nothing more—failed to demonstrate they had Article III standing.
Applying Robins v. Spokeo, the court reached the opposite conclusion, finding that the statutory violation alone was sufficient to establish a concrete injury.
"Plaintiffs' receipt of unwanted and unauthorized telephone contact by an automated system is precisely the harm that Congress was trying to avoid when it enacted the TCPA," the court said. "As such, Plaintiffs' concrete injury is the invasion of the right created by the statute; their receipt of the telephone contact 'presents a material risk of harm to the underlying concrete interest Congress sought to protect in passing' the TCPA."
Reviewing the other objections (two of which were withdrawn and one of which was untimely), the court found them "meritless." The class notice was reasonable and adequate, the court said, and concerns about the settlement amount ignore "the very real litigation risks that Plaintiff faced," particularly as the deal provides nearly 50 percent of the available statutory damages for a nonwillful violation of the TCPA.
Finding that all of the requirements of Rules 23(a) and (b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure had been met and that the settlement amount fell "well within the range of reasonableness," Judge Caproni granted final approval of the agreement.
To read the opinion and order in Melito v. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc., click here.
Why it matters
The $14.5 million deal is only the most recent multimillion-dollar TCPA settlement, and as class actions continue to be filed under the statute, it likely won't be the last.
This article was first published by the International Law Office, a premium online legal update service for major companies and law firms worldwide. Register for a free subscription.I asked this on the end of another post and thought, That should be a new thread. So, how late in the year can hives be started? I figured the ag. zone would make a difference, so I am in zone 7, centeral Oklahoma. south of Shawnee East of Norman.Happy National Poetry Month! One of my favorite poets, and one of my favorite truths 🙂 “A child’s wisdom is wisdom still.”~Jewish proverb
As Children Know.
Make art about what children know.
[…] “Humor prompt” Indiana Humanities’ “Exploring Color prompt” Mary Carroll-Hackett’s “What Children Know prompt” Imaginary Garden’s “Real Bio prompt” Kate Foley’s “Fluency […]Tom McMoore Wholesale Furniture in North Hollywood.
Wow nice post.
Furniture
We use only solid brass fittings, stainless steel screws and a special mould inhibitor in the silicone to help counteract mould build-up. For more information
<a href="”> See this. </a>> click here. </a>
Nossa fábrica trabalha com os processos de produção mais modernos, usando materiais de primeira qualidade e acabamento rigorosamente supervisionado com móveis planejados brasilia.MoneyGram Signs Agreement with Poste Italiane
MoneyGram Signs Agreement with Poste Italiane
ROME--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- MoneyGram (NAS:.
"Signing such an important agreement is integral to serving our customers' needs in Italy, and brings them closer to their friends and family across the globe," said Pamela Patsley, chairman and chief executive officer at MoneyGram. "Since we began working with Poste Italiane, we have formed a very successful, strong relationship. We look forward to continuing our relationship with Poste Italiane for years to come."
Poste Italiane (Italian Post Office) is the largest and most diverse infrastructure in logistic and technology solutions in Italy. It provides postal, financial, insurance and mobile telephony solutions to individuals, private corporations and public authorities. With its extensive network in the nation, Poste Italiane serves around 37 million clients throughout Italy. There are now more than 9000 Poste Italiane offices available for money transfer service with MoneyGram.
"This agreement strengthens a long-term successful cooperation that we have had for years and consolidates Poste Italiane's share in the money transfer industry, which is growing strongly by the remittances from foreign residents in Italy toward their homeland. Today's signing allows us to offer to our customers that send money abroad a more effective and convenient financial service," explains Massimo Sarmi, the CEO of Poste Italiane.
Offering services to consumers in Italy is a priority for MoneyGram and Poste Italiane, as the country is a key country for remittances. According to Bancad'Italia, more than 6.8 billion Euro in remittances were made in 2012. Residents primarily send funds to friends and family in China, Philippines, Romania, Senegal, Morocco, Poland, India and Albania.
MoneyGram's growth strategy includes aligning with postal operators to provide consumers with convenient access to reliable money transfer services in easily accessible locations. MoneyGram has relationships with postal services in countries including the United Kingdom, Canada and the Netherlands, and plans to continue expanding those relationships..
MoneyGram International
Mike Gutierrez, 214-303-9923
media@moneygram.com
KEYWORDS: United States Europe North America Texas Italy
INDUSTRY KEYWORDS:
The article MoneyGram Signs Agreement with Poste Italian.NEWS
Dunclug Partnership is lead partner in the ‘5 apples’ project which is being funded by Arts Council Northern Ireland and is to be completed by June.
A committee made up of council employees and community representatives was established for the two-part project, the first part of which involved the selection of an artist along with a Peace and Reconciliation facilitator.
Three artists were shortlisted and each gave a presentation before a selection panel.
The successful artist was Shiro Masuyama a high profile artist whose project is based on ‘five apples’ with each apple containing a theme.
His residencies and commissions include Artist in Residence in the Irish Museum of Modern Art, the ISC Programme in New York and the National Museum of Contemporary Art in Korea.
Shiro’s approach to this commission is similar to his approach to his residency at the L’Derry City of Culture, intending to base himself on site and work with the local community in an education programme based on the final work.
His proposal is based around the symbolism of the apple, from William Tell to Newton, Adam & Eve and
The Beatles record label amd the work signifies working together, trust, growth and peace building.
The second phase of the project will see Shiro host art workshops supported by another artist Sinead O’Donnell, giving individuals the opportunity to work with them.
A full education and outreach programme is planned including the artist distributing apple trees to the local community and workshops being held with local residents, youth clubs, churches etc.
The Artist is keen that interaction with the community is a vital part of the process and he will be supported and assisted in that by Dunclug Partnership and Ballymena Council’s Arts Officer.Followers: 0
Nebula: Sole Survivor
2nd Feb, 2016
- About
- Add To
Genre: Role-playing (RPG), Shooter
Platforms: PC (Microsoft Windows)
Nebula: Sole Survivor is a top down SCI-FI shooter with RPG elements.
- Sky Break
- Anthem
- Xenoblade Chronicles 2
- Half-Life 3
- Morphite
- Star Control: Origins
- ECHO
- ATOMEGA
- Star Wars: Battlefront II
- Dead Alliance
- Ben 10
- ELEX
- Sword Art Online: Hollow Realization
- Biomutant
- Horizon: Zero Dawn
- GOKEN
- Wild Terra
- Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop
- Mass EffectHas anyone noticed how god awful windy it’s been this winter? Is this always the case? I don’t seem to recall it being this bad.
Personally, I am not a cold weather person. However, I do enjoy the seasonal changes, so ultimately deal with it. On the plus side, I live in an apartment that maintained a toasty 80 degrees the entire winter, adore boots and tights, and any excuse to drink hot chocolate is good for me. Plus, with the help of mitten, scarves, and hats, there is a chance to stay warm while trotting along through the city.
Throw the wind in and what do we have? A warm and quiet trot turning into a nightmare. With one solid burst of wind, off my hat goes across the street into traffic. With nothing to keep my hair down, it immediately blows into my face and sticks to the chap stick on my lips. Having no visual capabilities at this point, I knock the person down to my left creating a domino effect. No this hasn’t happened persay, but with so many of us battling the wind, it’s bound to happen one of these days.
Strangely, once the weather begins to warm up, the winds disappear. THEN when it’s god awful steamy and humid August-ish, all we can hope and pray for is just one little breeze to cool our otherwise sweaty selves. Such irony. Or perhaps just comes to show we are never satisfied to what we have.No Min Woo reveals his best friend is Jaejoong and his idol is Johnny Depp
BNT discovered three sides to the talented actor! No Min Woo perfected the natural, humorous and macho concepts BNT chose in his latest pictorial with them. His versatile acting helped him express each mood effortlessly. The My Unfortunate Boyfriend star also sat down for an interview with the internet newspaper and discussed the topics of friends, role models, acting, and beauty.
He and the former TVXQ member Jaejoong were once labelmates under SM Entertainment. They both debuted in the early 2000s as singers. "I was really close with JYJ′s Kim Jae Joong even before my debut," said the former TRAX member. "He′s a good hyung whom I′ve been close to since I was in middle school."
The celebrity he idolizes the most is Hollywood actor Johnny Depp. "Seeing an actor that doesn′t try to show just his cool side but remains true to the role and isn′t afraid to ruin himself is really cool. I′m trying to show a lot of different sides like Johnny Depp."
In regards to acting on his latest drama Angry Wife and the attention he receives because of his good looks, he had this to say: "I tried to show a side that wasn′t made up. I think I was able to be more sentimental because I learned a lot about how to cherish and love a woman through the awesome roles I have played while acting... I think the attention you receive with your looks can vanish at any moment. Right now, I′m accepting the comments about my appearance, saying that I look pretty, as a good thing."
What do you think about his surprising confessions to BNT International? Do you share his admiration of the legendary star too?
Watch No Min Woo in My Unfortunate Boyfriend:
Shelly M is an author and blogger. Follow her personal blog at BTSCelebs.com
Please sign in to comment.Log in / Sign upHall: ... Magick.vbs
Thank you,
Hucho
Create markers for google maps
ImageMagickObject is a Windows COM+ interface to ImageMagick. COM+, Visual Basic, and Delphi users should post to this discussion group.
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1Video Converter Ultimate. Convert DVD and video, burn DVD and download online videos easily. Learn More Download an allinone free security solution for your digital life. Avira Free Security Suite includes VPN, antivirus, tuneup tools, a password manager more.
A personal analytics service that shows you how you spend your time and provides tools to help you be more productive. EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard for Mac is a reliable Mac data recovery software that can recover lost data from emptying trash bin, accidental deletion or other causes.
FSecure has been fighting for a safe and secure internet for over 25 years. We build awardwinning antivirus, online security and content cloud solutions to keep. TheTruthSpy: Mobile Spy Android Spy Hidden Spy App Phone Tracker. Include more 25 features such as: GPS, SMS, Call Recorder, WhatsApp, Live Audio and More
Read the latest stories about Tech on Fortune iPhone Data Recovery Mac version can recover deleted photostext messagescontactscall history from iPhoneiPadiPod and iTunesiCloud backup on Mac.
WiseRecovery is easytouse data recovery software. The software can effectively recover deleted or lost files, documents, emails, photos, music, video, and other. Rich video collaboration for the individual user. Polycom RealPresence Desktop for Windows and Apple Mac OS X is a powerful, enterprisegrade collaboration app that.
Kaspersky Rescue Disk is a free program to scan and remove viruses from a computer without the risk of getting infected InformationWeek. com: News, analysis and research for business technology professionals, plus peertopeer knowledge sharing. Engage with our community.
Voted the UK's best value network, enjoy fast 4G, great coverage with the latest pay monthly and pay as you go phones and SIM Only deals on Virgin Mobile. How to recover data after Factory Reset on Android mobiles, such as Samsung, HTC, Sony, Motorola, Lenovo, Huawei smartphones or.
Data Recovery Software from DDR recovery software downloads Remote support software for businesses from LogMeIn RescueWASHINGTON (WUSA9) - Sunday night, a line wrapped around the block to celebrate 40 years of Donnie Simpson on D.C.’s airwaves.!
"Donnie's my man. I've been listening to him since he was with Kiss,” said one man waiting in line.
"I've been watching or rather listening to Donnie since I was a little kid,” said Olympa Tisdale, who also told WUSA 9, "I have a brother who has a learning disability. And my brother loves music and I wrote a letter to Donnie Simpson when I was about 16."
You can guess who she says invited them to the station. Tisdale says her brother still talks about this trip to this day.
Sunday night was about four decades of “Dr. Green Eyes” also-known-as “The Green-Eyed Bandit” or “The Love Bug” -- that's all Donnie Simpson.
RELATED: Community activist says radio station burglary is politically motivated
He’s a long-time DC Radio Host who's made an impact on this city in more ways than one. Simpson is also known for memorable BET interviews, popular TV sitcom appearances and his activism within D.C.’s communities. On D.C. radio, he spent close to two decades with CBS Radio’s WPGC 95.5 FM. Simpson retired in 2010. He returned in 2015 to Radio One’s Majic 102.3 and 92.7 FM.
Simpson is a D.C. staple who s actually from Detroit, Michigan.
"I accepted him the first time I set eyes on him, not looking into his eyes!” laughed DJ Dirty Rico, a popular Majic 102.3 DJ. He referred to Simpson as a friend, mentor, and brother.
So what's the secret after 40-years?
Simpson said (with his wife of also four decades by his side), “Listen to this woman!” “And he does it rather well,” Pamela Simpson said jokingly.
“… I guess what I've learned most is just this love that-uh, this love affair that we have for each other – me and D.C,” said Donnie Simpson.
As a voice for the city, Simpson left these words, ."
© 2018 WUSA-TV
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the
Conversation Guidelines and FAQsIn December 1994, President Clinton asked Vice President Gore to conduct
a second review of agencies to identify opportunities for additional savings,
program terminations, and privatization of selected functions. Following
are more than 180 recommendations that, if adopted, would result in nearly
$70 billion in savings over five years; these savings have been incorporated
into the President's recent balanced budget proposal.
Each recommendation is followed by a number in parentheses that indicates
the necessary avenue for effective implementation:
1. agency heads can do themselves;
2. President, Executive Office of the President, or Office of Management and Budget (OMB) can do; or
3. may require authorizing legislation.
Note: This is an edited file containing information on the intelligence community only.
NetResults, National Performance Review 1994Moghul-style meat dishes.
Grenadine, reduced pomegranate juice, is used in India to marinate meat, acting as a tenderizer because of the enzymes it contains. It’s not the same as grenadine syrup, a sweet red liquid, all too often artificially coloured and flavoured, used for many cocktails.
- Other Names
- Anar (Farsi); anardana (Hindi); granada (Spanish); granat (Russian); granatapfel (German); grenade (French); komamanga (Swahili); melograna (Italian); milgraym (Yiddish); pomegranate powder; rodia (Greek); romã (Portuguese); rumman (Arabic); shiliupi (Chinese); tap tim (Thai)
-: 1126
Word Count: 619
Comment on TwitterBoard of Commissioners
NS faces some major challenges for the new concession, both operationally and financially. It is vital that we find ways to cut costs and improve our results. The Board sees many opportunities for improving the service to travelers.
Gerard van de Aast
Chairman
(1957) | Dutch citizen
Appointed as of 4 March 2014 to 2018
Former Chairperson, Board of Directors of Royal Imtech N.V., Former Chairperson, Board of Directors of Koninklijke Volker Wessels N.V., Board Member of Reed Elsevier
Other positions: member RvC Witteveen + Bos, member RvC Heisterkamp Transportation Solutions, member RvC Philips Lighting
Jeroen Kremers
(1958) | Dutch citizenship
Appointed as of 26-1-2012 to 2016, reappointed to 2020
Former Vice-Chairman & Chief Risk Officer, Managing Board, Royal Bank of Scotland NV and Head Global Country Risk, RBS Group
Additional positions: Member of Senior Advisory Board Oliver Wyman Financial Services, Member of Board of Commissioners of Robeco, Member of Board of Commissioners bunq
Marike van Lier Lels
(1959) | Dutch citizen
Appointed as of 3-2-2016 to 2020
Additional positions: Member of Executive Board Lels & Ko B.V., Commissioner at TKH Group N.V., Reed Elsevier N.V. and Eneco Holding N.V.
Paul Rosenmöller
(1956) | Dutch citizen
Appointed as of 1-6-2007 to 2011 and extended to 2015 and 2019
Chairperson, VO Board
Additional positions: Chairperson of Steering Group of Convenant Gezond Gewicht, Chairperson Supervisory Board of AFM
Janet Stuijt
(1970) | Dutch citizen
Appointed as of 15-8-2016 until 2020
General Counsel & Head of Compliance, Corporate Secretary at NN Group N.V.
Pim van der Feltz
(1964) | Dutch citizen
Appointed as of 01-05-2017 to 2021
CEO of Google Nederland
Additional positions: Supervisory Board of Kröller-Müller Museum, Supervisory Board of Platform Bèta Techniek5 in
Reviewed By Steve G (Sterling, IL) Reviewed for a 2003 Dodge Ram —7/26/2017 2:43 PM
just had it put on love it
Reviewed By William B (Souderton, PA) Reviewed for a 2003 Dodge Ram —10.Planet Comicon prep plus more sketch cards!
This weekend (March 26th & 27th) in Overland Park, Kansas is the one comic book convention that I can actually make it to almost every year. I love this show!! It’s big enough that it draws some “big name” creators like Freddie Williams II, Rick Remender, Skottie Young, Gail Simone, Ben Templesmith and more…but is still small enough that I don’t go all agoraphobic about the crowd and want to get the heck out of there. I told myself LAST year that THIS year I would have reason and the self confidence to get a table that this show…but that didn’t quite work out. One more year as a spectator!! Still…I hope to meet up with more of my internet friends this year. Maybe a tweetup or something…? If you’re going to the show be sure to get a hold of me so we can at least meet somewhere to say hello.
Been working still on sketch cards. Here’s some from what I’ve been working on the last few days. I like all of them but I think my favorite is the double wide Rocky & Bullwinkle. I like that so much that I’m pretty sure I want to draw a bunch more of those. They were a LOT of fun to draw. I’ve been experimenting with my copics and colored pencils on some of the cards which I’m enjoying. I’m still looking for myself in here…but I feel like I’m making progress. It’s coming a bit easier recently.
The Tin Man
The Cheshire Cat
My homage to the webcomic "Oceanverse"
Nice! I really like that tin man card. 🙂
Thanks Lisa! I really like how that one turned out too. 🙂Trial Testimony Reveals Mindset of Confessed Mumbai Terrorist
During five days as the star witness in a federal terrorism trial in Chicago, David Coleman Headley revealed details of what he described as his links to both Pakistan’s intelligence service — the ISI — and the terrorist organization Lashkar-i-Taiba. He also presented a portrait of himself as a man whose double life depended on lying and manipulating his wives, colleagues and closest friends.
The trial provided the first public view of Headley, a Pakistani-American who was once a DEA informant, since his arrest and confession to having played a key role in a 2008 terror attack in Mumbai. Speaking in a low, scratchy voice tinged with just the slightest Pakistani accent, Headley testified against his childhood friend Tahawwur Rana, charged with supporting Headley’s involvement in terror plots in Mumbai and Copenhagen.
In testimony in Chicago, Headley said that at the time the Mumbai attack, which killed 166 people, gave him the satisfaction of revenge for Pakistani deaths in the decades-long conflict with India. But almost three years later he professed a remorse about the civilian deaths. “I have regrets,” he said. “I have had time to reflect.”
FRONTLINE and ProPublica have spent six months so far investigating Headley’s connections to terrorism, and ProPublica’s Sebastian Rotella has been reporting from the courtroom.
One of the top Pakistani militants linked to Al Qaeda and an alleged contact of Headley’s, Ilyas Kashmiri, was reported killed last week in an American drone strike. But U.S. and Pakistani officials were reportedly awaiting confirmation of his death.
Headley’s public appearance has been long awaited, especially by observers in India and Denmark, sites of his plots. The defense in the case played brief segments of his videotaped interrogation with FBI agents, showing Headley eager to talk about what he knew — perhaps because, after striking a deal to save him from the death penalty, his life literally depended on it. Rotella describes the scene in court:
Tom Jennings is producing a documentary on David Coleman Headley scheduled to air on FRONTLINE on Nov,ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) – Albuquerque Police say officers are on scene near University and Gibson.
Police say officers responded to a call about a possible shooting just before 9 p.m. at Dion’s Pizza.
APD says three victims with possible gunshot wounds were transported to UNM hospital where one died from their injuries. The two others are currently listed in critical condition.
Police say the scene is active and a large perimeter has been set up as officers conduct a search for a person seen fleeing Dion’s on foot.
People are being asked to avoid the area and residents are asked to remain inside.
KRQE News 13 is working to gather more information and will provide updates.There were three frogs sitting on a log…one of them decided to jump off…how many frogs are still sitting on the log?
The answer is three…because although one decided to jump, it doesn’t say that he actually jumped. A decision made does not an action make. Or something like that. Maybe you have heard that parable before…maybe not. I just heard it yesterday, and it really spoke to me. It reminded me of the frog I once was…and the frog I am now. No, not green…not any more. No longer green with envy. No longer green with naivety. Just a seasoned frog who finally had her fill of thinking about jumping off of her log, deciding to jump off of her log, and FINALLY actually jumping off of her log! Here I sit, on a big fat comfy lily pad wondering what on God’s GREEN (lol) earth I was thinking, waiting so long to jump!! We do that though don’t we?! As a species we have a tendency to procrastinate, freeze with fear, weigh our decisions heavily, SIT rather than JUMP.
My new-found advice to you? JUMP!!!
I’m not suggesting that you throw all caution and any sense of right, wrong, and this-is-stupid out the window…just LIVE! Throw your hands up in the air (do it…it will feel good)…take a deep breath…and let go! Whatever IT is that you have been harboring, holding back on, just take a leap of faith, and DO IT!!
Have you ever seen the movie City of Angels with Nicholas Cage and Meg Ryan? Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time! The part where Seth (Cage) takes the fall…gives up being an angel so he can be human…so that he can be with Maggie (Ryan). Breathtaking. Literally gives me goosebumps and makes me cry every time. Why? It’s a mix of emotions really…but the one I’m talking about for the purposes of this blog is FAITH, blind faith. Seth had no idea what it was going to be like or what was going to happen to him. He couldn’t be sure that jumping off of a building was going to result in “happily ever after” with Maggie. So why did he do it?
Yes, I think it was love and passion; however, it had to have been more than that. He was an angel, who had no experience or first-hand knowledge of what love (or passion) felt and looked like. I LOVED the idea of being thin and healthy. I was passionate about wanting to be fit and fabulous. BUT…there was one thing I lacked…one thing that kept me from getting from fat to fit. FAITH. Unlike Seth, I mean…he was an angel after all…I did not have faith in myself. I did not believe I could do it. What’s worse, I clearly didn’t believe or have faith in God. God can perform miracles…turn water into wine…walk on water…come back from the dead…but he couldn’t help me lose weight? Seems very foolish and petty now.
Yeah…well…what should have been an AHA MOMENT was kind of more like me apologizing to God. Gee God, I’m sorry I doubted you. I mean, all this time I thought that I was wiser and more powerful than the Master of the Universe. I figured that I was more qualified and capable at deciding what I could and could not do than oh, let’s just say, GOD Himself…you know, The Great I Am?!!
Anyway…enough about my narcissistic short-comings…you get the picture. I grew a brain and got out of my own way, and I started by praying differently. After begging God for forgiveness (no, I’m not being sarcastic), I asked God for His help. I also made a statement. “God, I am ready and willing to do Your work. I want to do the things that make You happy. I would love nothing more than for You to do Your good works through me. But Lord, could You please help me? Help me to become more like You. Help me to have faith even when I cannot see. Help me to become less, and You to become more. Breath Your holy spirit into me so that I may live my life the way You intended me to”. I began to feel lighter and more filled with joy. For the first time…ever…I began to care about myself…as a child of God. I began to appreciate the way that God made me…faults and all. I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. God does NOT make mistakes.
God transformed me…into a happier and healthier version. He took away my fears and doubts, and He helped me to see my worth. This opened up so many amazing doors for me. I’m living proof that YOU can choose to jump…and actually do it too!! Stop making wishes and just blow out the candles already!
Happy Birthday to YOU…go forth and LIVE! ❤
Hugs & Love,
TanyaDockwalk.com Forum
»
Electronics - Ask Aqua Navigation
»
mini_c gmdss sailor disk error
mini_c gmdss sailor disk error
Salvador
Posted:
Tuesday, February 14, 2012 7:58 AM
Joined: 22/07/2009
Posts: 97
Hi, Searching for common knowledge here! After having the same alarm and message about the wrong disk for the messages, have now a blank black screen with message to replace disk "non-system disk error". Is it only a question of replacing the the diskette underneath? Thank you in advance,
Back to top
junior
Posted:
Tuesday, February 14, 2012 8:37 AM
Joined: 14/01/2009
Posts: 1026
I get those failures with both my Philips Safecom and my chart plotter. Each time I re boot...sometimes it takes several reboots ....to fix. Im not a computer guy but I think what has happened is that your hard disc is fragmented . My systems are all MsDOs. There is a command to defrag or ask a computer guy whats up. Ive tried to fix computers with spanners and vise grips but no luck. Best get a computer guy. The best Computer guys are 12 years old, ride skateboards and look like Bart Simpson
Back to top
Azzag
Posted:
Tuesday, February 14, 2012 8:55 PM
Joined: 05/02/2009
Posts: 9
I had a similar issue about a year ago all that was required was a new floppy disc. Not easy to find these days. I am told that after some time the ability of the disc to record data diminishes and become unusable, you can try a defrag which may work for a while.
Back to top
Anonymous
Posted:
Tuesday, February 14, 2012 9:07 PM
As per Azza, good luck with the disk hunt though (we now have a stash of 20 as a result, SXM if you're same)
Back to topResidenz Am Meer offers accommodation in Börgerende-Rethwisch, 12 km from Warnemünde and 10 km from Kühlungsborn. The property boasts views of the sea is 17 km from Rostock. Free private parking is available on site.
A dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen. A flat-screen TV and Blu-ray player, as well as a CD player are offered. WiFi access is only available in selected apartments.
Within 500 metres of the property, guests can find 4 restaurants, 1 bar, 1 ice cafe, an...d 1 bike rental store.
Mini golf club is 1 km away. Wismar is 40 km from Residenz Am Meer, while Boltenhagen is 49 km away. The area is popular for cycling and hiking. The nearest airport is Rostock Airport, 36 km from the property.Recently,). Actually, defining what a good society is, and consequently its observation and monitoring, should take into account two important and interrelated concepts, complexity and limit. In order to measure and monitor country’s wellbeing, a systematic approach is needed, leading from concept to measure, then synthesis and then interpretation. This work aims at (i) clarifying different issues concerning wellbeing of societies by providing conceptual instrument allowing anyone to orient oneself among all the emerging proposals and to distinguish between serious and propagandistic ones; (ii) unravelling some important methodological aspects that should be considered in constructing indicators.Well, I've had the identity of the two freebie figures I couldn't identify confirmed (thank you Mr Tuffley for the information!).
So, on with the pics of the unpacked figures. I'll start with the ones I had ordered.
The bikes don't scale too badly with the cars which is good, but the range of riders is a touch limited.
* the nuns, drunk and priest will actually be useful as citizens of Salutesville as well.
And now for the freebies:
** These two figures are actually from the Bubblegum Crisis range, but were never released as a figure pack, but were included with a car (no longer produced). It turns out that Jon includes them as freebies occasionally with orders.
They represent Inspector Leon McNichols and Detective Daley Wong.
Jon had also included these packs of 15mm figures:
So, my freebie pack equates to about (probably just over in fact) 50% of the value of my actual order. Sweet!
I've now got plenty of figures for duelists, MONDOs, arena staff and general civvies/collateral damage. Oh and the start of a biker gang, although the outfits most of those babes are wearing don't seem very practical...
Of course, there are some other figures I'm going to want now - medics, firefighters, armed & armoured cops. And some spectators to populate the grandstand.
Ooooh shiny! What a splendid haul Tamsin.
Nice...and bonus Freebies! Very nice!
Great additions and what a good score with the freebies
Ian
Nice of Jon. Good to see the selection as well.
What a great looking bunch of figures!
A lot of stuff you got there :-D
Cool! Great bunch of miniatures. Can't wait to see them painted^^
Nice freebies T!
@ Michael A - splendid describes the haul perfectly :)
@ Brendon - doubly nice is always good :)
@ Ian - certainly great additions. The only trouble now is that I've got rather a lot to paint up... ;)
@ Clint - I think it was a jolly sporting thing for him to do to celebrate 30 years of GZG :)
@ Simon Q - I agree :)
@ Stargazer - it is rather a lot. I don't know when I'll get them all painted - there's a lot ahead of them in the queue :)
@ Phyllion - all the figures are nice, the freebies doubly so as they were free! ;)
Hi Tamsin, IIRC GZG are 'true 25' size, aren't they? Anyway, the point is that Denizen Mini's figures are the same size, in case you wanted some more figs in that size
I was trying to catch up with your blog and just saw this. These figures look great! I wonder how they would scale with the 1/72 (20mm) stuff I have, It looks pretty close if that is a Hotwheels/ Matchbox size car. For some reason the GZG site presents itself as a threat on my computer. So I haven't clicked through on the links yet. realistically need to put in a few hours every week working on your banzai, and that’s on top of everything else you’ve got going. Of course, he also points out that you need to have a good product. He quotes Michael Hyatt along the lines of “Good marketing causes a bad product to fail faster.” Got something that isn’t up to snuff and you want to be sure it does poorly? Do a great job marketing and word will spread.
While there is enough information in this short book to get you going, this is also somewhat an encouragement to try out Ladd’s online course. It’s smart marketing, but as I was discussing with my wife recently, there’s something about it that rubs me the wrong way, probably because I’ve never done any self-promoting and feel rather self-conscious about the prospect. I will check out his online course when I get a chance, though I likely can’t afford whatever it might cost right at this moment (and the only book I’m currently developing is maybe 5 pages long, so I’m a long way off from having a review copy ready, so I don’t find it to be a critical need for me right now anyway). I imagine that some of the “this feels yucky” feeling will go away once I’m at a point where I need Amazon reviews to help kick off my own book launch.
While short, and with a couple of set-the-hook chapters to get started, Ladd doesn’t mince words. If you’re getting close to launch day, I’d recommend looking this book. You can find it at this Amazon affiliate link:
If you want to jump right in and check out his course, go to.
Overall, I give this book a 4/5 rating, mostly because I’d have liked something a bit longer and more detailed.
Note: I received a free copy of this book for my fair and honest review. I was not required to provide positive feedback, nor did I receive financial or other compensation in exchange.Samsung’s Galaxy A5 is the company’s latest contribution to the world of mid-range phones and a follow up to the Galaxy Alpha. It costs half as much as the S6 and may cost even less when you use an appropriate coupon from Discountrue or other couponing website. For those who are in search of a quality phone, without having to pay high end prices, the Galaxy A5 is a common choice, so let’s take a closer look at the particulars.
Also read: Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 Review: A VERY Impressive Affordable Android Phone
Screen and Design
The Galaxy A5 looks like an iPhone, but has a much larger screen and a slimmer body. The cover cannot be removed, but an external micro SD card can be added to quadruple the storage capacity. The button layout and ease of one handed use make the phone a design triumph.
The Super AMOLED screen technology used is the same as the high end Samsung phone models. While the screen is easy to view in darker conditions, it may be problematic when it’s brighter. The screen runs smoothly on the whole and adjustments can be made to the screen in the user settings. Internet browsing is made easy and the phone is protected with Gorilla Glass 4, as opposed to the Gorilla Glass 3 other phones use in this price range.
Software and Performance
This phones uses Android 4.4 KitKat, instead of the Android 5.0 Lollipop, which is a cause for concern in certain circles. Few apps are previously installed, which allows the phone to run smoothly. The Galaxy A5 also uses a multi window browsing system, just like the high end models.
Snapdragon’s 410 processor is used and the phone comes with 2 gigabytes of RAM. Performance is not perfect, as frames were dropped during the testing period, but for the mid range class of smartphones, this is about as good as it gets.
Camera
The 13 megapixel RS Exmor sensor from Sony is used in the A5’s camera. While this might be a tad outdated, you will be hard pressed to find a mid range phone with a better camera. It is able to start in under two seconds and captures a good level of dynamic range. Video quality is also very crisp, selfies are taken easily and users have the option to use gesture control.
Battery Life
Battery life is a pleasant surprise, as the phone can provide the users with up to 36 hours of continuous battery life. Wi-Fi and screen settings can be tweaked, which will give you extra battery life of two days. The phone is not nearly as power hungry as some of its more expensive counterparts and can be used for hours at a time, with minimal battery drainage.
Verdict
If you are in the mid range smartphone market, the Galaxy A5 is one of the best options available to you. With its high end look and ability to serve as a reasonable facsimile of more expensive models, it is no wonder why so many users are opting to purchase the Galaxy A5!Daikin Show Room
Revolutionizing larger air-conditioning installations in South Africa, Samsung's Digital Variable Multisystem ensures highly-efficient and environmentally-friendly air-conditioning for commercial use as well as up-market luxury homes. end us an enquiry.
A single variable-capacity exterior compressor linked to multiple indoor units can be positioned up to 170 meters away for easy concealment.
Up to 50 meters allowable height difference between indoor and outdoor units allows for air-conditioning-conditioning of a variable number of different rooms from one exterior unit.
Samsung's DVM air-con unit can be linked to a variety of indoor units: midwall splits, ceiling cassette units, ducted units or under-ceilings.
Ultra-modern energy-efficient air-conditioning, backed by the nationwide support of Samsung Air!
DVM (Digital Variable Multi) air conditioning system is Samsung's new generation in multi-zone modular systems.
It uses a variable-capacity compressor and multiple indoor evaporators.
The technology provides more flexibility in system design with higher efficiency while delivering superior personal comfort in each zone.
It provides a board range of applications for large commercial and residential building.Strawberry Shortcake
By
Jennifer S
1
@jenleamom3
Ingredients
- 1 box
- yellow cake mix (butter)
- 1 can(s)
- eagle brand milk
- 2
- frozen strawberries (thawed)
- 1
- cool whip
How to Make Strawberry Shortcake
- 1Bake cake according to directions on box. Let it cool slightly.
- 2While cake is warm, poke 15-20 hole in the cake with a straw.
- 3Pour eagle brand milk over cake.
- 4Once cake has cooled completely, add stawberries to cover. Then cover with cool whip.Science Books for Christmas
Professor Mark Brake of HeSaS will appear on BBC Radio Wales’ The Science Cafe on Sunday 23 December at 5pm to recommend best buy popular science books for Christmas. Among Prof’s recommendations will be:
Blood of the Isles by Oxford geneticist Bryan Sykes, a fascinating account of Sykes population genetics studies of the British Isles.
Guns, Germs and Steel by American evolutionary biologist, Jared Diamond. Diamond’s book explains, using bio-environmentalism rather than racism, why, since 1500, Europeans have, for better and worse, called the tune that the world has danced to.
Finally, Quicksilver by Neal Stephenson is a fantastic, fictional romp through the C17th. It is a novel of history, adventure, science, invention, absurdity, piracy, madness, alchemy and sex. Irresistible.
The Science Cafe will be repeated on Boxing Day at 9.30pm.CLEVELAND -- The city was washed in a blue glow to show a somber salute for Cleveland police officer David Fahey.
Many buildings throughout downtown were illuminated overnight in honor of officer Fahey, who was killed early Tuesday in a hit-and-run incident on I-90 West near Warren Road.
He was struck by a Toyota Camry morning while assisting at the scene of a crash.
Fahey, an officer with the Cleveland Police Department’s 1st district, was 39 years old.
A suspect was arrested hours after the incident.
- WATCH | Honoring a hero: Vigil for officer David Fahey
- HELP | How you can support officer Fahey's family
- MORE | Police use fallen officer's handcuffs in hit-skip arrest
© 2018 WKYCThere's mass murder afoot in new Texas Killing Fields trailer
I'm a sucker for a good murder mysetery, which is why this new trailer for TEXAS KILLING FIELDS has caught my eye.
It stars Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Sam Worthington as two detectives investigating a series of murders outside of Texas City, all the bodies found in an area known as "The Killing Fields."
The film also features Jessica Chastain and Chloe Moretz, who is going by Chloe "Grace" Moretz now for some reason it seems. Watch the trailer if not for no other reason than to see Sam Worthington's attempt at a Texan accent.Arboretum Sofiyivka.Uman
“Sofiyivka” is considered to be a unique and unique park in Ukraine, where the most courageous and not usual fantasies of the masters of that time were skillfully realized.
Garden and park art is fascinating, the existence of many expositions is difficult to explain in terms of physics. The bizarre shapes of huge boulders, waterfalls, al tanks, sculptures, abundance of vegetation complement each other creating a magnificent paradise garden.
The indescribable beauty of the park is created by the hands of a man and an insanely in love heart.
This amazing and picturesque corner, is a symbol of pure love of two hearts.
Even in the most crucial historical moments, this land, no one dared to raise his hand to destroy the magnificent park.
During the Second World War, the Germans, who practically destroyed everything on their way, were fascinated by the local beauty. During the period of German occupation, the Garden of Eden was not harmed.
It is not the ordinary atmosphere that reigns here, where you score about all your worries while enjoying the magnificent panorama around.
The best place to relax with your soul mate is just not found.
History of the park Sofiyivka:
When the wealthiest and most influential Polish Count Stanislaw Potocki first saw the charming Sofia, who at the time of their meeting was the wife of the commandant of the Kamenets-Podilsky fortress, his heart won forever love.
After some time, the couple legalized their relationship, becoming a husband and wife.
Their history of pure love inspired poets and artists.
Wanting to surprise Soya the second half, he conceives a grandiose gift for the birthday of Sofia, over which thousands of klipaks and the best masters from all over the world worked continuously.
As a result, by 1802 the garden and park masterpiece was completed and presented to Sofia Witte-Potocki as the earl planned. A romantic gift of fairy beauty, I liked very much my young wife. Picturesque rocks, amazing fountains and statues, waterfalls, grotto, amazing nature reminded Sophia of a long-abandoned homeland.
This paradise garden is striking with its unearthly beauty and mysteriousness, centuries later. The main attraction of the city of Uman, is closely connected with the secret order of the Masons about which little is known. Throughout the park there are a lot of signs and symbols, which undoubtedly belong to this society. This and the huge granite stones, columns, pyramids, the main purpose of which no one knows for sure, is a snake with an open pit in the middle of the lake.
Interesting facts about the Sofiyivka Park:
1. At one time in the city of Uman, the imperial school of gardeners was opened, graduates of which created garden and park masterpieces around the world.
2. The arboretum Sofiyivka is under the protection of UNESCO.
GPS coordinates: 48°45’48”N 30°14’4”E
Most common reason for glibc – detected:-
- When we are trying to free some memory which is logically not available for “free ()” .
- When we are trying to free some memory which is already free.
- When we are trying to use multiple “free()” for the same variable.
- When we are trying to free pointers.
- When we are trying to free the variable from outside the scope of variable.
- Using an uninitialized pointer.
- Writing outside your array bounds.
To avoid or solve glibc detection follows some basic and common rule:-
- Set pointer to NULL after free
- Check for NULL before freeing.
- Initialize pointer to NULL in the start.
- Always allocate storage blocks with calloc or some other means of initializing every block to known all-zeros.
- Write test-scripts to independently exercise all major pieces of the program in isolation to the others. Run these tests all the time to catch regressions.
- Use debugging-tools that add “eyecatchers” around storage-blocks to detect “off-by-one” overwrites and other similar problems. Consider leaving them in, in the production(!) code.
Example:-
Solution- s=”hello”;
Here we are assigning another address to s, to a statically allocated memory. Freeing it is not correct. Also, since we are doing this, we are basically leaking the memory you have allocated here:
. char* s =(char*) malloc(sizeof(char)*10);
AdvertisementsDid ya see where Edvard Munch’s 1893 painting, “The Scream,” is on loan to the Museum of Modern Art?
Scream me a river, Edvard. You want something to scream about? As of just this past Friday night, try some of these:
On ESPN, Cincinnati led Louisville, 17-7, with 8:05 left in the second quarter, when analyst Rod Gilmore, who could have said nothing, said, “Still plenty of time left in this football game.”
Same telecast, a graphic: “No OT Games In Series History.” It might have been left at that — a needless notation of an irrelevancy — but then, because ESPN’s ESPN, the graphic added “51 Games.”
That OT in college football didn’t begin until 1996 — thus more than 35 of those games could not possibly have gone to OT, didn’t matter. Such things — insight, context, knowledge — never matter to ESPN.
Wanna scream, Edvard?
Saturday, during the Big East Network’s telecast of Kent State-Rutgers (SNY, here), play-by-player Mike Corey told us, “This is exactly the position Kent State wants to put Rutgers in, today — third and long.”
He cracked the code!
But oddly enough, on ABC/ESPN’s telecast of Notre Dame-Oklahoma, a duplicate game plan was identified by Kirk Herbstreit: “The goal for [ND coach] Brian Kelly is for [ND QB Everett] Golson not to have to face too many third-and-long situations.”
Need we write/say it? Forcing and avoiding third-and-long is every team’s goal, every game!
Hear that scream, just there, Edvard?
Saturday, Game 3 of the World Series on Fox. Omar Infante, Detroit’s No. 9 hitter, a righty, is at bat, a 1-2 count, when he hits a 92-mph pitch for a bloop single to the opposite field.
During a slo-mo replay, Tim McCarver said, Infante was “going to right [field], all the way.”
Really? Infante had a choice? He chose to pop a 1-2 fastball to right, thus succeeded in his plan? And he did it against a pitcher who, until then, was making the Tigers’ best hitters look sick? If Infante could do that — wherever he chooses when he chooses — he’d bat lead-off, no?
It looked more as if Infante was just trying to hit the ball; not strike out. Yet, McCarver claimed he “was going to right, all the way.”
Same telecast, a graphic noted that Tiger Quintin Berry was “21-for-21” on stolen-base attempts. Such a stat speaks for itself. And should have been left at that. But Fox added, “best by a Tiger since 1920.”
“Best by a Tiger since 1920?” He’s tied for the best stolen-base percentage in the history of baseball!
And everything’s a con, an ugly sell. Fox promos, all day Saturday, couldn’t have made it any clearer to an unsuspecting national audience that Game 3 began at 7:30 ET. But the game began, as scheduled, at 8:07. Fox told a 37-minute lie.
Even the national anthem now must be exploited for network promotion. Saturday, it was sung by Zooey Deschanel, identified in a graphic and by the p.a. announcer as, “the star of the hit Fox comedy, ‘New Girl’.”
Munch on that, Edvard.
Lou Holtz, star of ESPN’s college football studio show, once again showed up to shout and spout some stat sheet-borrowed numbers and wave his arms. At ESPN, that passes for expert analysis.
On ABC/ESPN, Arizona was about to punt, up three against USC, a minute left, when Matt Millentold us that Arizona “doesn’t want to give up the big play.”
Late in Iowa-Northwestern, ESPN2 play-by-player Beth Mowinssaid, “Northwestern’s 4-2 in games this year that came down to the fourth quarter.” At 6-2, Northwestern apparently played two games that ended after the third.
In that same telecast, Quentin Williams was flagged for a late hit on Iowa quarterback James Vandenberg.. The replay clearly showed that Williams was guilty; he shoved Vandenberg backward and to the ground, well after he had thrown the ball. Williams was not seen to protest, nor anyone on the Northwestern sideline.
Yet, analyst Joey Gallowayasked that we dismiss what we — and the official standing right there — plainly saw: “Nice acting job by Vandenberg to fall to the ground.” Geez!
With 2:05 left in the first half, Rutgers down, 21-3 and in Kent State territory, it stood to reason that RU would go hurry-up. But as the RU pass was intercepted, the Big East Network telecast was in a replay of the previous play.
Don’t know if you’re much into football, Edvard, but this past weekend, no one made a first down, they “moved the chains.” No team was down 10 or 12 points, they had to “overcome a 10 or 12-point deficit” — as if any of these broadcasters would say that in off-air conversation.
Or, as Big East TV analyst and ex-NFL RB Rene Ingoglia suggested, “Rutgers needs to go vertical.”
Jet PSLs throw fans for a loss
Yesterday’s Dolphins-Jets game served as a special salute to our sports “culture.” For starters, despite commissioner Roger Goodell’s claim that PSLs “are good investments,” how many Jets’ PSL owners would settle for, say, 65 percent back — a 35 percent loss — on their PSL investment?
In the second quarter, Miami’s Cameron Wake was so busy running to open space to best be seen doing a sack dance tribute to himself, he didn’t notice that Mark Sanchez had lost the ball.
And, while there’s no good time to demonstrate immodesty, being down, 20-0 didn’t prevent several Jets from showboating after small successes. Later, down 27-3, Clyde Gates made a catch then rose, gesturing as if he had just conquered Spain. Nauseating.
* Throughout the playoffs and now the World Series, ESPN-Radio’s Dan Shulman has been an audio oasis. No slick-talk or gimmicks, just straight-ahead play-by-play, concise, vivid descriptions, useful parenthetical info added.
Not only did YES televise Columbia over Yale Saturday, but Jack Ford, the TV personality, former Yale DB and Saturday’s analyst, actually used a replay to correct himself. Is that allowed?
Giants’ WFAN radiocasts are starting to resemble Yankee radio. More and more in-game particulars attached to Bob Papa reads of sponsors.
We did spot a good graphic Saturday. Rutgers’ regular wide receivers are 6-foot-4, 6-3, 6-6, 6-6, vs. Kent State’s starting defensive backs, who are 5-foot-11, 5-8, 5-10 and 6-0.
* Seems one of the by-products of an eight and now 10-team eligible World Series, is that postseason starting lineups and pitching staffs are loaded with MLB transients — come-and-go expendables in the right place at the right time.Apr Posted by Steve Ruddock on Apr 05, 2013 Posted in Irish Open, Irish Poker News, Tournament News | No Comments »Read Full Article
Apr Posted by Steve Ruddock on Apr 13, 2012 Posted in Irish Open, Tournament News | No Comments »
Read Full Article
Oct Posted by Steve Ruddock on Oct 27, 2011 Posted in Irish Open, Irish Poker News | No Comments »
Apr Posted by Gerry Poltorak on Apr 26, 2011 Posted in Irish Open, Irish Poker News | No Comments »
Niall Smyth won an enthralling battle to claim the PaddyPower Irish Open, at the Burlington Hotel at 3.48am this morning. The final table started at 2.00pm on Monday afternoon with nine players and eventually came to an end some 14 hours later in the early hours of TuesdayRead Full Article
Apr Posted by Gerry Poltorak on Apr 02, 2010 Posted in Irish Open | 4 Comments »
20:30 Stevie Devlin is out One of the favourites for the tournament and PNB favourite AllinStevie has just busted out in a strange hand. After a few limpers Stevie completes from the small blind with 6-9 and big blind checks. Flop brings 3-5-7, giving Stevie a double gutshot.Read Full Article
Apr Posted by Gerry Poltorak on Apr 02, 2010 Posted in Irish Open | No Comments ».Read Full ArticleIt’s no secret that I LOVE ice cream. I would have it with all meals if I could. Marble Slab Creamery has the most delicious handmade ice cream.
The smell of this place makes me drool. And the rows and rows of mixin’ (chocolate, peanut butter cups, marshmallows, nuts, brownies – the options are endless) make my head want to explode.
Sensory overload.
Gah…I want ice cream.
AdvertisementsOk so I didn’t almost kill somebody, but I did come very close to a potential bar fight tonight at trivia. All my “I almost did something horrible” stories start with “I was at trivia last night….”
Anyway, I was at trivia last night, and it was weird. Usually trivia is on Wednesday but tonight it was Thursday because apparently the Tavern had other plans on Wednesday. Half the regulars didn’t get the memo so apparently Wednesday night a bunch of people had shown up and I guess nobody told them to come back on Thursday because the bar was barely half full. Maybe six teams, tops. Plus Duffy’s grader didn’t show so Mark graciously filled in (when I say “graciously” I actually mean “was bribed with free beer”). Also apparently Mark sometimes reads my blog (he called me a “real blogger”, ha ha awesome) HI MARK! Uhm, anyway. Dale wasn’t feeling well, Mary has a life outside of trivia (WHO KNEW?!), and Ben was doing whatever so at the table it was just me, Eng, and Camden, making his triumphant return to trivia after battling the Eevil Mono.
So I went and turned in an answer sheet and it happened. It was almost like a dance, the motions lined up so perfectly. I was about five feet from our table and the guy sitting caddy-cornered to us was walking back to his chair also. Apparently he was talking to his buddy and paying even less attention than I was because he pulled out his chair while in mid-sentence and went to sit in it, but he’d pushed it just a few inches too far and right into my path. I kind of saw all of this happening but was a little too slow to fix any of it. The chair entered my path and I accidentally (it was an accident, I SWEAR!!) kicked it a little, and when he went to sit in it…yeah. He didn’t crash all the way to the floor, he kind of did this Superman style laid-out flop into the chair as he realized he was way too far away to sit in it normally. You know those moments when you kind of want to die? That was me. Of course I instantly apologized profusely and repeatedly and the guy was completely nice about it. I mean, I might talk a lot of crap at trivia but unless you’re this guy I would never purposely inflict bodily harm on anybody! Thursday trivia throws off my whole groove.
Feb 13, 2009 @ 12:52:00
Bless your heart.
I got drunk once and clocked my best friend in the face. But I don’t think it was on purpose. I was aiming for her husband.
Feb 13, 2009 @ 13:55:00
Oh,Mere… I love that your willing to re-live this on your blog. Thanks for the morning giggle ❤
Feb 13, 2009 @ 16:57:00
Another example of how you are a “real blogger” is how you linked to your other post with “this guy.” Mark’s really going to like that.
Feb 13, 2009 @ 17:44:00
Yeah, I did that. And I told the world you got mono from a hipster. Oh wait. Now I did.Receiving feedback is an essential part of self-improvement and in the customer service world improvement and growth are a must. Feedback can help cultivate certain behaviors and bring awareness to the things that need work. In theory, feeback is a great opportunity for change. In reality it can be a scary thing for people.
How to get better at receiving feedback and, more importantly, implementing it like a pro? We have a few tips we’d like to share that are useful when the time comes to harness the power of feedback.
Why Is Receiving Feedback Important?
Feedback has gotten a bad rep due to the common fear that receiving it means something is wrong. With such a negative connotation, it’s no wonder the thought of getting feedback, let alone asking for it directly, causes some anxiety. In fact, a recent Forbes study revealed that 12% of the population has a strong fear of feedback. But in order for growth to happen, feedback is necessary.12% of the population has a strong fear of feedback. Click To Tweet
Receiving feedback presents a perfect opportunity to share viewpoints, discuss progress and identify areas of improvement. It helps people get on the same page, which is important because our assumptions on how things should be done aren’t always right.
If you know where you stand, you’re able to use what you’ve learned and take action as you see fit.
Being open to receiving feedback is also a great way to strengthen communication. Having solid communication with employees, customers, etc. also helps to build honest relationships. This doesn’t necessarily mean that everyone needs to share every personal thought or detail, just that they feel welcome and comfortable.
When people are comfortable coming to you, you’re more likely to receive the truth versus a sugar coated version—which defeats the whole purpose of receiving any feedback at all.
Someone being upfront with us about expectations or progress might sound daunting, but it’s an underutilized self-awareness tool. When used properly it opens the door for reflection and can be the extra dose of motivation needed to reach the next step in a personal or career journey.
In order for you to make the most of your next feedback session, whether it be a formal review or a casual customer email, we’ve put together some tips on how to best receive feedback and use it to your benefit.
Accepting and Implementing Feedback
1. Don’t Make It Difficult For People To Give You Feedback
First and foremost, make it easy for people to give you feedback. Feedback wouldn’t be as powerful if it only focused on the positive and skipped over the areas of improvement. No one wants to hear criticism about themselves but no matter what’s said, it’s always better to handle things with grace than lash out.However, in case you did, apology might be in place.
This means no playing the blame game or making excuses. Take responsibility when necessary and focus on actively listening versus becoming defensive and emotional. Try not to see critiques as a sign of failure but instead use it as fuel to better yourself.
We can’t be good at everything initially and if you’re dealing with a respected person, it’s highly doubtful they’ve intended their feedback to be hurtful.
Of course, sometimes feedback isn’t delivered in the prettiest package. For example, when a frustrated customer let’s you know what they really think about your business. As tough as it may be, that’s when it’s even more important to take a step back from any emotional reactions and just listen.
Maybe the delivery wasn’t the best, but that frustrated person still might have valuable feedback. And in the case that they don’t, this at least demonstrates your ability to remain cool, calm and professional under pressure.
2. Determine Whether Or Not The Feedback Is Helpful
This is where you get honest with yourself. After receiving feedback, it’s important to take the time to review it. Even though the person giving feedback may be well meaning, what they’re telling you might not resonate. It’s important to take time to think about whether or not the information you’ve received can be put to constructive use or if it’s simply an opinion based off the giver’s emotions and experiences.
Let’s use the frustrated customer from the example in step one for instance. Their email lands in your inbox and you find that out that they’re totally unhappy with your product. They list off a few reasons why and let you know a few things that would have made the product better. Perhaps a new feature or more guidance from customer support on how to fix their issues.
If what they suggested will positively impact your business as a whole—like giving your customer service department more resources to effectively troubleshoot products—it could be worthwhile to consider putting together a plan of action.
Read more on How to Set Goals for Your Support Team.
On the other hand, maybe their feedback isn’t feasible or relevant at the moment and could be used later down the line. Or maybe just isn’t useful at all.
Ultimately it’s up to you to decide what you do with any feedback you receive. Just because someone is giving it to you doesn’t mean it’s always what’s best for you.
3. Put Together A Plan And Take Action
The secret to making the most of feedback is use it constructively. After the evaluation stage, it’s time to put things into motion.
Where can you go from here with the information you just received? What are the steps you can take to implement change or improve upon what you’re already doing well? These are all questions to ask following a feedback session, formal or not.
Let’s say you’ve recently been told that your response time to emails could be quicker. Instead of adding ‘respond to emails faster’ to your to-do list and hoping for the best, lay out a detailed plan of action for yourself. Maybe that means setting aside a designated time each day to respond to all priority emails. Do whatever works best for you, just remember the important part is getting clear on how to make progress.
In a way feedback is like a roadmap for improvement, but without scouting the route to your destination, you won’t get very far.Feedback is like a roadmap for improvement, but without scouting the route ahead, you won’t get far. Click To Tweet
4. Use Feedback For Continual Improvement
Highly successful people know there’s always room to grow. As the influential Bill Gates once said, “We all need people who will give us feedback. That’s how we improve.”
Be open to acknowledging areas of improvement and take an active part in your growth by asking questions, experimenting often and remaining curious. Don’t be afraid to ask those whose feedback you value most (IE: your loyal customer) how you’re doing along the way. It can be as simple as an email, phone call, or short pointed survey.
Read more about Customer Loyalty and how to measure it.
Some questions to continually ask that inspire change are:
- What are common complaints or criticism received?
- What do people love about your business?
- What could change or improve about your business, products, or services based on feedback?
- Did I meet or exceed your expectations?
- Would you recommend my products/services?
Most importantly, don’t forget to thank people for their feedback, especially when it’s helped improve things. We all love a little recognition.
When used constructively, feedback can motivate us to continually improve upon how we do things. It shines light on the things we could be doing more efficiently and gives us the opportunity to listen to other perspectives. Even if it comes in the form of a critique find the lesson in your feedback and use that propel your business forward.29/12/2014 Career Counseling
HND Marine Engineering Admission in Vels School of Maritime Studies
HND Marine Engineering
The first year of HND Marine Engineering course will be conducted at School of Maritime Studies, Vels University, Chennai and the second year of study will be conducted at CGC, Glasgow. Phase 1 is of 39 weeks at VAMET, followed by 36 weeks at GCNS. Thereafter, 9 months of sea service are required to qualify for Engineer Officer of the Watch Certificate of Competency (earlier known as Class 4 Certificate) examinations in the UK.
Eligibility:
Academic Standards : A pass in 10+2 or its equivalent examination with preferably minimum 60% aggregate in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics group, and preferably at least 50% in English at 10th or 12th standard
Age: "Age preferably 17 to 20 years as on 4th August 2014"
For More Details Contact:
Mobile No: 9894336651
Mail:admissionmarine@gmail.com
HND Nautical Science Admission in Vels School of Maritime Studies HND Nautical Science The first year of HND Nautical Science course wil...
DME Admission in Vels School of Maritime Studies Diploma in Marine Engineering (DME) Two-Year Pre-sea Training for Diploma Holders (DME)...
GME Admission in Vels School of Maritime Studies Graduate Marine Engineering (GME) One-Year Pre-sea Training for Graduates (GME) ...
Admission for Vels School of Maritime Studies Chennai The Indian Register of Shipping, a Classification Society, recognised by the Directorate ...
More DetailsI often hear people say that they prefer not to talk about divisive issues on social media. This is understandable, given that most people don’t like to talk about divisive issues at all. However, if you are going to discuss these things, social media is as good a forum as any. That’s my opinion, at least. Here are several reasons why I think this:
You Have a Bigger Audience
If more people hear your opinions, then more people are likely to offer criticism. Criticism gives you the opportunity to improve your thinking. Plus, a larger audience is likely to have more varied opinions, meaning that you can receive criticism from multiple angles. Of course, some of the people you interact with won’t have much of value to say, but you can usually figure out who to seriously engage with and who to ignore.
It’s Public
This might not apply to all people, but I really care about what people think of me. As a result, I try to be extra careful about the way I formulate my opinions when I express them in a public forum. This results in clearer thinking on my part, and encourages me to do my best to respond to criticism fairly. Plus, if more people want to jump in, they can familiarize themselves with the whole conversation thread before throwing in their two cents.
It Toughens You Up
Sometimes I interact with idiots online. I wish it didn’t have to happen, but they’re out there, and they want to say obnoxious things to me. If you have opinions, there will inevitably be people who will distort your arguments and put words in your mouth in order to discredit you, and it’s infuriating. But you have to learn how to deal with these people. So why not on Facebook, where they can do relatively little to bother you? Eventually, you figure out how to tell that a conversation is unproductive and mute someone.
* * *
Of course, some may object to my practice of arguing about politics on Facebook. Here are some objections I sometimes hear and my responses to them:
“You’ll Never Change Anyone’s Mind”
On the contrary, sometimes people do change their minds after Facebook arguments. I’ve seen it happen. Some people are willing to be persuaded, and some are not. The forum in which the argument takes place is of little to no consequence. People who are humbly seeking the truth will find it wherever it resides, while people seeking only to confirm their own biases will do just that. I may be unlikely to persuade people of my beliefs on Facebook, but it’s not like speaking to people face to face would be that much more effective.
“That’s Not What Social Media is For”
Social media is for whatever we want it to be for. I’ve found that Facebook is particularly useful as a forum for discussion, even of contentious topics. If you want to avoid political or philosophical debate on Facebook, then just ignore them. There’s something for everyone on the website; let’s keep it that way.
“You Might Offend Someone”
If my beliefs are wrong, then I want to be told why they’re wrong so I can revise them. But if my beliefs are true, then they should be expressed. Either way, I have a duty to express my beliefs. I’m perfectly happy to hear criticism of the manner in which I express my beliefs, in addition to criticism of the content of the beliefs. But I’m not going to censor myself out of fear that someone somewhere might find my posts “offensive.” If I ever say something “offensive,” then I invite the aggrieved persons to tell me what I have done wrong.
* * *
Of course, there are limitations to when and where things ought to be discussed. That’s the beauty of Facebook. Your timeline is for whatever you want it to be for. People have enough control over their newsfeeds on Facebook that there’s no point whatsoever in self-censorship. If people don’t want to hear what you have to say, then they can just mute you.There is really many different kinds of aspects that you will want to make sure you are able to take into mind of when it comes down to weight loss problems because there is a lot of issues that people are facing when it comes down to losing weight. And these issues will either come from your willpower where your own mind will prevent you from actually losing weight or it can also be problems such as your work schedule which is preventing you from having enough time to lose weight. Here’s a good read about barriers to weight loss, check it out!
One of the hardest aspects of losing weight is the mental battle you will have to put yourself through and this is without a doubt the biggest weight loss problem that a lot of people face. Because your body will basically let your brain know that you are actually hungry and then it is up to you if you want to eat or not and this ability to control yourself is very crucial when you want to lose weight, however it is also very tough as well. So if you want to make sure you are able to lose weight properly then you will need to improve your willpower and your ability to control yourself when your brain keeps wanting you to eat more and more. To gather more awesome ideas on barriers to weight loss, click here to get started.
But you are the one that is in control, it is all up to you, so it is critical that if you want to lose weight that you are able to control yourself. And once you begin to get use to not eating or controlling the amount you are eating then it will become easier and easier for you to lose weight and get the body that you have always wanted. So the biggest weight loss problem is just having the willpower and the mindset to be able to control your habits and to eat properly and to eat the right amount of food.
Once you begin overcoming your will to eat then you will notice that it is actually getting easier and easier to lose weight and you will not have to worry about things like that anymore, but first starting out is no doubt an uphill battle. So that is everything that you will need to know when it comes down to actually losing weight and getting the body you want because there is a lot of different kinds of weight loss problems out there but you can overcome them. Kindly visit this website for more useful reference.Spruce Up Your Exterior Doors
Care For This Important Focal Point Before Your Holiday Guests Arrive
Before guests arrive for the December holidays, homeowners should take stock of their home exterior doors to renew and beautify them to assure years of long-lasting beauty and service.
“Entry doors are like other key features of the home because they require routine maintenance,” says Chris Maulucci, a technical sales manager with Therma-Tru Corp. “Owners of fiberglass doors enjoy reduced yearly maintenance efforts, but there is still a checklist of items to inspect and adjust periodically on any door.”
To help homeowners in knowing what to look for to maintain their entry doors, Therma-Tru has created this checklist:
- Clean the exterior and interior of the door with a mild soap and water solution.
- Inspect the weatherstrip and door bottom sweep for wear, and replace as needed.
- Inspect the door’s corner sill pads for wear, and replace as needed.
- Check and maintain all the door’s sealants.
Inspect the finish of the door and frame.
- Reapply paint (for a painted door) or topcoat (for a stained door) as needed, which usually depends on the amount of outdoor exposure the door receives.
- If needed, adjust the sill cap on the door.
- Check and adjust the adjustable strike plate for the door as needed so that the weatherstrip is properly compressed when closed.
- Check the security of the door’s hardware and tighten screws as needed to prevent looseness.
- Seal the sill cap (the hardwood cap only) with a solvent based sealer, like linseed oil or an oil-based stain.
- Lubricate door hinges as needed.
Just as important as the checklist of “what to do” for yearly door maintenance is the list of items that homeowners should not do. Therma-Tru offers this list of “don’ts” related to door maintenance:
- Don’t leave the door unfinished. Doors must be finished (either painted or stained).
- Don’t paint over a stained woodgrain door without using a compatible primer first.
- Don’t use lacquer-based paints on doors.
- Don’t use harsh chemicals to clean doors. A mild soap and water solution is all that’s needed.
- Don’t use a pressure washer on door exteriors to clean them.
- Don’t clean the brick around the door with muriatic acid as it will mar the finish if any splashes onto the door.
- Don’t use caulk to fill in worn weatherstrip. Instead, replace the weatherstrip.
- Don’t adjust the sill cap too tightly. This can cause the door’s bottom sweep to bind.
- Don’t change out a doorlite (the glass insert in the door) without using an adjustable torque screw gun placed on the proper setting for the size of the doorlite.
- Don’t drill holes or screws into the door to hang wreaths or holiday decorations.
What to Look for in a New Door
“If, while performing your annual inspection, it becomes apparent that you’re in the market for a new door, consider one made of fiberglass,” says Maulucci. “A solid fiberglass door is up to four times more energy efficient than a solid wood door, plus you get the benefits that fiberglass has to offer, including resistance to rot, rust, dents and weather.”
Another factor to consider is what’s on the inside of your door. The dense polyurethane foam used in the core of Therma-Tru fiberglass doors helps the doors achieve high thermal performance values.
According to Maulucci, homeowners choosing to add decorative glass to their Therma-Tru fiberglass doors can also count on energy-efficient features. The company’s triple-pane construction of most.
Benefits of Fiberglass Doors
According to the American Architectural Manufacturers Association (AAMA), fiberglass products are known for their reliability, customization aspects for style design, and energy efficiency. Fiberglass doors have an abundance of features outlined by AAMA at aamanet.org; search for fiberglass product reliability.. Therma-Tru fiberglass doors are also available with the exclusive Tru-Defense door system. This system integrates specific components engineered and tested to deliver outstanding protection in all kinds of weather conditions.Advertisement!
- Game Rating:
- Category: Action, More Online
- Launched: 2012-03-08
- Played: 3,473 views
- Tags: distance, floating, flying, ghost, ghosts, multiplayer
How to Play Ghost flight
- Use any key on the keyboard to fly or float.info@msds.com.au
1300 673 700
Solutions
Services
Career with Us
FAQ - Legal Requirements
FAQS
SDS FAQ
Legal Requirements
Do not Forget
Use MSDS.COM.AU to
Legal requirements relating to chemicals aim to protect people, property and the environment both on and off the premises and can be summarised as follows:
Federal Laws, Codes and Standards
Duty of care
under common law which means that activities must be carried out in a safe manner so as not to cause harm or injury to the user, other people, animals or the environment. A breach of a duty of care may amount to negligence.
Transport of Dangerous Goods:
The Model Subordinate Law for the Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous by Road and Rail (ADG Code) covers the classification, marking and transport of dangerous goods and is picked up by State and Territory Transport of Dangerous Goods legislation.
Safe Work Australia standards and codes of practice
National standards and codes of practice for the safe storage and handling of hazardous substances and dangerous goods are used as model legislation by the States and Territories and are useful guidance material. The National Code of Practice for the preparation of SDS provides guidance for suppliers of hazardous substances.
Australian Standards
may be picked up or referenced in legislation to mandate or recommend prescribed requirements to meet legislated outcomes. Examples include :
AS2507: The Storage and Handling of Agricultural and Veterinary Chemicals
AS1940: The Storage and Handling of Flammable and Combustible Liquids
AS4452: The Storage and Handling of Toxic Substances.
State and Territory Laws and Codes
Workplace Health and Safety (WHS) legislation:
all Australian jurisdictions have committed to adopting the new model work health and safety legislations. The work health and safety laws in each State and Territory contain the same basic requirements although they may vary in detail. These requirements include :
obtaining SDS for hazardous substances,
maintaining a product register of stored chemicals
identifying hazards and assessing risks,
having controls in place to eliminate, or if not possible, to minimise or manage risks,
periodically reviewing hazards and risks.
WHS legislation also has requirements for matters such as employer/employee consultation, first aid and amenities.
Environmental legislation
which aims to prevent pollution of the soil, water and air. In all States and Territories laws cover environmental harm or pollution whereby materially or significantly harmful pollution may result in prosecution. There are variations in the extent to which waste is regulated. In Victoria there is clear prohibition of the disposal of waste on premises. The classification of agricultural and veterinary chemicals as waste in New South Wales (hazardous waste), Queensland (regulated waste) and South Australia (listed waste) mandates the removal of obsolete chemicals in an approved manner.
Health legislation
which regulates the supply and storage of schedule poisons. Signal headings on the label are determined by the Poisons Schedule and have specific requirements. For example Schedule 7 poisons, (signal heading DANGEROUS POISON) must be kept away from public access and records need to be kept by the reseller on the person to whom the S7 has been sold. Schedule 6 poisons (signal heading POISON, on the label), have prescribed storage requirements to be kept out of reach of children, typically 1.2m above floor level.
Transport of dangerous goods legislation
applies to the transport of dangerous goods and picks up the requirements of the ADG Code. There are exemptions which may apply to the transport of dangerous goods from the reseller to the premises.Jetradar will find you the cheapest airfare for Zurich – Hong Kong by comparing the costs of flights to Hong Kong using 45 agencies, five booking systems, and 728 airlines. Where exactly you buy tickets for Zurich – Hong Kong is up to you.
Please keep in mind that, depending on the number of days remaining until your departure, the price of a ticket for Zurich – Hong Kong could change by more than 7%.
Jetradar suggests purchasing tickets for Zurich – Hong Kong in advance so you can choose your flight conditions and focus on your preferences and financial capabilities.
Fastest flight from Zurich to Hong Kong: ticket with Cathay Pacific with a departure nearest to 16.01.2018 and a duration of 11hrs. 15min.. Find this ticket
Zurich airports from which there are flights to Hong Kong:
Hong Kong airports accepting flights from Zurich:Great show tonight, the 2010 MTV Movie Awards. Lots of standout moments. So many in fact that we're still going through them and compiling freeze frames into a big image gallery for your perusal. We're off to a good start though. Katy Perry and Snoop Dogg. Ed Helms and Ken Jeong. And several views of Les Grossman (Tom Cruise) and his unexpected dance partner, Jennifer Lopez. Click the image below to behold the full gallery!
REGENERATION experts are planning to hold a skills showcase every year after the success of an event in Hartlepool.
Around 2,500 people attended the Tees Valley Skills event which was held at the Sports Domes, in Seaton Carew.
But news has just emerged that the showcase is to become an annual attraction.
Bosses at Tees Valley Unlimited proposed the idea as part of the Tees Valley bid to win City Deal status for the area.
The news was first revealed as TVU delegates got ready to meet Minister for Cities Greg Clark yesterday to say why the Tees Valley, including Hartlepool, deserves to win a deal which could see 27,000 jobs protected and created.
A TVU spokesman said: “Developing skills is part of our deal.”
The deal could see 27,000 jobs protected or created in the area in the next nine years.
The City Deal could mean the Tees Valley becoming a prime location for carbon capture with “super sectors” for firms in petrochemicals, advanced manufacturing, and new renewable energy.
The continuation of the skills showcase comes after the Seaton Carew event was hailed as a great success.
Visitors got a chance to try out a flight simulator, have a go at being a DJ and test their hairdressing talents.
People could put their skills as a television presenter to the test, create a graffiti collage and have a go at football.
The numbers of people there were 500 higher than the previous year with more exhibitors also turning up.
Exhibitors commented that the 2,500 plus learners who attended had “the right attitude and asked the right questions about achieving their career goals”.
And the feedback from the students was that they learned about apprenticeships, workplace training and the different courses that colleges offer..
Continue reading "Man Charged with Murder for Fatal Pemberton Twp. Stabbing" »
Recent CommentsBecause Crystal Antlers were playing downstairs in Whelans (as opposed to in the suckass upstairs) I was able to see the entire band – and discover that not merely do they have a keyboardist but that said keyboardist is a young lady. Well I never. The rest of the band seemed to be all present and correct, including the guy on extra percussion. It was a bit hot in therrre so he took off his t-shirt (eventually throwing the sweaty clothing item into the crowd, for my beloved to pick up and now insist on making me wear, unwashed). But then, oh dear, slight rear-end trouser malfunction.
This did not stop the band rocking out, though maybe they took a while to get into their stride. The concert was perhaps a bit under-attended, and maybe it was my immediate pals who were the ones really going for it with the interpretative dance up the front, but I did manage to further my reputation as that weird old guy you see at gigs.
Crystal Antlers are one of those neo-psych freak out bands you hear about.
image source
An inuit panda production
2 comments:
I think Congolese music would be a bit of a stretch for Cast of Cheers...I would have said they were somewhere between Foals and Battles, maybe
Save it for the mailcoms, Mr Hat! In this context, I was using "Congolese" as a synonym for "jangly guitars".One of Canada’s most popular events - the One of a Kind Show – has opened its doors to 200,000 visitors looking for unique, handcrafted designs by Canadian and North American artisans.
The One of A Kind Show is part of Informa Canada, originally MMPI, which was acquired by Informa in the summer. From its simple roots – the first show was created 38 years ago with 80 exhibitors – it is now the largest consumer craft show in North America. Over 5 million people have shopped at One of A Kind, helping it to become a Canadian tradition.
The Christmas show features handmade designs by over 800 artists, makers, designers and craftspeople, while a second event in the Spring, showcases over 450 artisans working in various mediums like glass, ceramics, textile and wood.
Richard Menzies-Gow, head of investor relations at Informa, said, “Informa Canada produces 55 trade shows, conferences and consumer shows on an annual basis and is a core part of Informa’s events proposition. Within its portfolio, an event that appears to be very well known and is frequently mentioned by investors is the One of a Kind Show. This is a really unique exhibition that runs for 11 days straight, and visiting the show is clearly an annual Canadian tradition, particularly in the run up to Christmas.”Myriah Spence Named ECWBCMA Rookie of the Week
By ODU Athletics
Roseland, NJ -- Freshman forward Myriah Spence (Espanola, NM) was named Division I Rookie of the Week by the Eastern College Women's Basketball Coaches & Media Association (ECWBCMA). The honor comes just days after Spence was named Colonial Athletic Association Player of the Week..issue contents
January 2005 issue
Cover illustration: Methyl-D-erythritol-2,4-cyclodiphosphate synthase (IspF) is involved in the biosynthesis of isoprenoid precursors. Results presented in this issue by Kemp et al. (p. p. 45) and also by Ni et al. in 2004 (Acta Cryst. D60, 1949-1957) indicate that the enzyme binds geranyl and farnesyldiphosphate at the core of a trimeric assembly.
editorial
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 1
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904032548
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904032548
Free
research papers
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 2-13
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025697
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025697
A new algorithm to automatically fit a main-chain fragment to the electron density between two anchoring residues is presented. Examples of applications of the algorithm to the completion of initial protein models are included.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 14-21
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025703
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025703
Structure of an excitatory insect-specific toxin with an analgesic effect on mammals from the scorpion Buthus martensii Karsch
The crystal structure of an excitatory insect-specific toxin, BmK IT-AP, from the scorpion B. martensii Karsch determined at 2.6 Å resolution showed an extension and `wiggling' of the C-terminal segment (residues 59–72) with an additional one-and-a-half turn α-helix (α2) and a shifted disulfide bridge Cys38–Cys64 in comparison with the mammal-selective BmK α-toxins.
PDB reference: BmK IT-AP, 1t0z, r1t0zsf
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 22-32
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025715
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025715
Binding of N-acetylglucosamine oligosaccharides to hen egg-white lysozyme: a powder diffraction study
High-resolution synchrotron X-ray powder diffraction data were used to determine binding modes for five N-acetylglucosamine oligosaccharides (NAGn, n = 2–6) on HEW lysozyme.
PDB references: NAG2–HEWL, 1sf4; NAG3–HEWL, 1sf6; NAG4–HEWL, 1sf7; NAG5–HEWL, 1sfb; NAG6–HEWL, 1sfg
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 33-44
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025855
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025855
The influence of sampling a population of well defined protein conformations by small-angle scattering and subsequent data analysis is explored. The results demonstrate how the ensemble of well defined protein structures sampled influences the structural parameters and low-resolution models derived from the data.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 45-52
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025971
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904025971
Open
access
The identification of isoprenoids that bind in the intersubunit cavity of Escherichia coli 2C-methyl-D-erythritol-2,4-cyclodiphosphate synthase by complementary biophysical methods
New crystal forms of 2C-methyl-D-erythritol-2,4-cyclodiphosphate synthase displayed electron density within an intersubunit cavity suggestive of an isoprenoid ligand. Mass spectrometry identified a mixture of ligands, the most abundant of which, geranyl diphosphate, was satisfactorily modelled in the binding sites. These ligands are produced downstream of this synthase in the non-mevalonate biosynthetic route to isoprenoids, suggesting the possibility of feedback regulation of this key metabolic pathway.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 53-59
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026009
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026009
The effects of the silanized mica surface on protein crystallization have been investigated in the paper. It has been found that this silanized mica surface can ameliorate crystallization process considerably and improve the diffraction ability of crystals compared with the silanized glass cover slip.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 60-66
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026538
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026538
Protein crystals can be clearly imaged and distinguished from non-protein crystals using the intrinsic ultraviolet fluorescence of these macromolecules. The method is fast and non-invasive and therefore well suited to the needs of high-throughput crystallography.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 67-74
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026721
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026721
The random translocation of layers within a single crystal modulates observed intensities. A general forumla is proposed for solving this 50-year old problem.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 75-79
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026964
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026964
Open
access
The crystal structure of methanol dehydrogenase (MDH) from Methylobacterium extorquens has been refined without stereochemical restraints at a resolution of 1.2 Å. The high-resolution data have defined the conformation of the tricyclic pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) cofactor ring as entirely planar.
PDB reference: methanol dehydrogenase, 1w6s, r1w6ssf
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 80-87
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027179
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027179
Cryogenic structures show systematic alterations from room-temperature structures. These cryoinduced structural changes include more extensive hydration, fewer disordered side chains, small coordinate shifts in the structural core and more extensive coordinate shifts at the protein surface.
PDB references: PAK pilin, 1x6z, r1x6zsf; 1x6x, r1x6xsf; 1x6q, r1x6qsf; 1x6p, r1x6psf; 1x6r, r1x6rsf; 1x6y, r1x6ysf
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 88-98
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027325
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027325
Download citation
Download citation
In this paper, the variation of the values of dihedral angles in proteins is divided into two categories by analyzing distributions in a database of structures determined at a resolution of 1.8 Å or better.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 99-107
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904028173
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904028173
The structure of a pathogenesis-related PR-10 protein from a novel yellow lupin subclass confirms the general fold of this group of proteins, with a cavity within the protein core. The structure suggests that a segment of a long C-terminal α-helix characterized by low sequence conservation is involved in regulating the shape and size of the cavity, thus underlying the specificity of different PR-10 proteins towards their potential ligands.
PDB reference: pathogenesis-related PR-10 protein, 1xdf, r1xdfsf
short communications
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 108-111
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026800
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904026800
Open
access
Manganese phasing of a 225 kDa protein asymmetric unit is reported, demonstrating that, with modern synchrotron beamlines and software, very small anomalous signals from light metals, such as manganese, provide a practical tool for solving the structure of large proteins.
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 112-116
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027684
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904027684
Open
access
Thomas and Pastore describe a new algorithm that creates a single structure to represent ensembles produced by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy or simulations of molecular dynamics.
international union of crystallography
Acta Cryst. (2005). D61, 117-122
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904033086
doi: 10.1107/S0907444904033086
Free
Emerging issue: How much donor involvement is too much?
February 27, 2001
Donor Direction: How Much Is Too Much?
This article is excerpted from the November/December 2000 issue of Advancing Philanthropy.
'Undue influence by donors' is the number-one issue in fundraising today, says Jon Dellandrea, PhD, vice president and chief development officer, University of Toronto. With donors increasingly seeking philanthropic control, fundraisers are more likely to encounter directions that push ethical boundaries. No prescribed answers exist -- it's a matter of case-by-case negotiation and judgment -- but nonprofit mission statements, tax law, and AFP codes and standards do provide guidance. Here are a few reminders, in a nutshell:
- 26 USC Section 501(c)(3): Exempt organizations must operate exclusively for exempt purposes; no earnings may inure to private benefit.
- AFP's Statement of Ethical Principles: Charitable fundraisers have obligations to (a) honor public trust, (b) adhere to a nonprofit's standards and plans, (c) consider affected individuals, and (d) avoid the appearance of impropriety.
- AFP Standards of Professional Practice 1 and 2: These standards (a) prohibit conflicts with fiduciary obligations and (b) require disclosure of real or potential conflicts of interest.
- AFP Donor Bill of Rights, I: A donor has the right to be informed of a charitable or nonprofit organization's mission. Putting these principles into practice case by case is the trick, of course. Ask three basic questions when you are evaluating the terms of a conditional gift:
Whose terms?
The new venture philanthropists 'often don't have a good understanding of the boundaries between philanthropy and self-interest,' says Peter Hero, MA, MBA, president, Community Foundation Silicon Valley, and past AFP Fundraiser of the Year. Venture philanthropists -- successful as scientists and engineers but novices at charitable giving -- think of philanthropy as investing. They don't want to give up the hands-on management style that has worked for them.
Yet, too much donor control is hazardous to a nonprofit organization's integrity. When the terms of a proposed gift would redirect an institution's core mission, that gift usurps control that rightfully belongs to the nonprofit, for which image and branding are sine qua non. For example, a gift endowment of a university chair that is contingent on naming specific faculty members or on teaching a particular point of view would be an inappropriate donor infringement on academic freedom.
Many organizations are turning to donor-advised funds -- donors contribute funds, then give advice as to their use -- to strike an acceptable balance. However, even then, notes Bob Bothwell, president emeritus/senior fellow, National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy, 'Ethical tension can arise for public foundations if donor advice interferes with the obligation to involve grassroots organizations.'
Who benefits?
Problems with donor advice can occur on two fronts: tax code violations and conflicts of interest. 'The public is the stakeholder,' explains Colette Murray, JD, CFRE, incoming AFP chair-elect and past chair of AFP's Ethics Committee. She warns that even minimally diverting a gift's benefit from public to private purposes jeopardizes an organization's tax-exempt status.
Preferred treatment for donors is suspect unless carried out at arm's length. If a board member donates funds for a concert band, then seeks a contract for a relative's musical instrument supply company, there may be no conflict of interest if the relative's firm submits a winning bid in a competitive process. 'If the donor gets no special consideration and everyone involved has notice' of the relationship, potentially inappropriate benefit problems may be resolved, says Marianne Briscoe, PhD, ACFRE, and founding principal, Hayes Briscoe Associates, Petaluma, CA.
Who pays in the long run?
Fundraisers must exercise due diligence even when gifts are legal, conflict-free, and consistent with organizational objectives. Program improvements can cost the recipient money and heartache if they can't be sustained after the gift is expended.
Help donors avoid mistakes
Gifts contingent on agreeing to let a donor perform services -- for instance, an architect who wants to design the building she donates -- can drain rather than augment resources. Fundraisers must be satisfied that the building will serve organizational and program purposes, that design features and construction quality will pass muster, and that the structure can be maintained. Help avoid costly mistakes, program disappointments, and bad publicity by educating donors:
- Before development: 'Planning comes first, then development,' emphasizes Dellandrea. Before raising a single dollar, an institution should have a clear sense of its mission, aspirations, and priorities--and take the lead. When meeting with a new donor, a fundraiser is in a position to say, 'Here's what we're trying to do. Where do your interests coincide?' His university also provides a 'Guidelines for Donors' document and draws up donor agreements acknowledging the overriding importance of academic freedom. 'Under these circumstances,' Dellandrea says, 'it's almost impossible for a donor to suggest an inappropriate gift.'
- Before giving: 'Most problems arise because donors are 'innocent' of applicable ethical and legal standards,' explains Barbara H. Marion, CFRE, senior principal, Hayes Briscoe Associates, past chair, AFP Foundation, and past member, AFP Ethics Committee. In her experience, donors comply readily once they understand the issues. In this belief, the Community Foundation Silicon Valley helps donors to develop their own strategic philanthropy plans and links its Donor Relations and Program departments so that donors can see Foundation priorities in action before giving. Its donor website discusses ethical issues and community needs, as well as promoting donor networking so the word will spread.
- Before trouble: Fundraisers who understand that organizational and donor goals may not be the same discuss legal and ethical issues up front. Because they work with donors from the start of the relationship to determine what level of involvement makes sense, these fundraisers may never find themselves having to walk away from a gift--or wishing, too late, that they had turned it down.
Casebites: scenarios of potential conflict
Case One
A donor wants to contribute an important art collection to a local museum, contingent on the paintings being hung in perpetuity in a separate, named gallery that will often be closed to the public for private events. The collection must be placed exactly as it had been in the donor's home, and the individual paintings must never be sold or loaned.
Issues at stake: Do the gift's static nature and stringent conditions 'unduly influence' the museum's mission? Does the gift jeopardize the museum's 501(c)(3) status by failing to serve a public purpose and conferring a private benefit (creating a personal memorial)? Will the gift's terms prevent the generation of income, causing it to eventually become unsustainable?
One possible resolution: The museum's board must weigh the contribution of the paintings against the museum's mission and against the gift's constraints on public access and the museum staff's administrative discretion. Given the additional litigation and financial risks, the museum must confer with the donor about dropping some of the conditions. If the donor refuses, the museum may seriously consider declining the gift.
Case Two
A donor responds to a university's appeal for funds to expand its Classical Studies program, but the donor -- a leading authority on ancient Greek language and culture -- suggests playing a close advisory role.
Issue at stake: Does the donor's involvement in program development compromise academic integrity?
One possible resolution: The donor is offering genuine expertise as opposed to pushing personal theories. As the donor's advice is likely to enhance the quality and reputation of its academic program, the university should probably accept the gift.
Like Attracts Like. Why This House Never Sold
As humans we are all attracted to those who share the same values, likes and dislikes. This is a basis assumption and truly most of the time this tenet runs true.
This same basic assumption applies to real estate. We all look for neighbourhoods where residents for the most part are very similar to ourselves. Whether you cognitively or emotionally make the decision to dismiss the idea of “like attract like” then be prepared to enter very unfamiliar territory. If you take this gamble…then be prepared for the consequences.
There was a great property for sale which was about a kilometer directly east from Toronto’s Beaches neighbourhood. It was an older home but what it had going for it was that it was almost two acres and it had a unobstructed view of Lake Ontario as it sat directly on the top of the Scarborough Bluffs. It sold for 2 million back in the spring of 2006 and it was the highest price ever in that neighbourhood.
For those of you unfamiliar with the Scarborough Bluffs there are strict building requirements due to the unstable nature of the bluffs. So if the buyer was hoping to build townhouses, sever the property or construct a condominium it would never be approved. All you were left with was to build a single family home and so that is what the developer decided to do.
However this was no ordinary build and the old house was demolished and a 10,000 sq ft home with a 3,000 ft garage took its place. It was an ultra modern design with high in finishes and of course a great view of the lake. In fall of 2008 the house was put on the market…for the price of only $5.5 million it could be all yours.
The builder had a serious disconnect and did not adhere to the basis assumption of “like attracts like” which would ultimately financially cripple him. So much so that he was forced to leave the country to escape the angry mob of creditors.
Don’t get me wrong,there are some fantastic homes on Scarborough bluffs. In 2008 a house on the bluffs was around a million with a great house maybe getting up to $1.5 million. So thinking you would be able to attract a buyer willing to shell out $5.5 million was simply unrealistic.
A buyer who is considering a $5,00,000 plus home in 2008 would not be looking in the Scarborough bluffs. For those with that type of cash in 2008 they would be contemplating Forest Hill, Rosedale, Oakville, York Mills or a Bridle Path address. `Like attracts like`so if you are shelling out over $5 million then your expectation would be your neighhours` homes to be in the same price range.
The house history goes like this:
- The builder hired one Toronto`s high-end brokerages who is known for their ability to sell exclusive homes.
- With no offers at $5.5 million the brokerage dropped the price to $4 million but still no buyers.
- It is now spring 2009 and a new brokerage has been taken on and the house is listed at $3.7 million.
- By the end of August still no deal even at at price of $3 million.
- It is the fall of 2009 and the house is now under power of sale and a new brokerage hired with a new price of $2.9 million.
- As 2009 came to an end it did not sell and never came back onto the market.
It is now the summer of 2014 so you must be curious what ever happened to this place? Here’s some pictures of the house when I walked by yesterday.
This house has never been lived in. It sits abandoned by the creditors and even the security company hired to keep an eye on it have ceased to come around.
The house will never sell as with the roof leaking and water in basement I suspect it has become a breeding ground for mold. The only things living here are some birds and racoons who have made their way in.
This property has now become land value. Any potential buyer would be definitely doing due diligence thought, just to wade through the myriad of liens past creditors have secured on this place will be a Herculean task.
There are always basis assumptions in real estate and for those who disregard those tenets then be prepared for the consequences.
Hi Michael, You’ve been nominated as “The Most Knowledgeable Realtor” in Scarborough! Contest runs Aug 1-31. Congrats!Manufacturer: Colt
Anal douche in nozzle shape for the targeted and exact dosages your favourite liquid. With the easy pull handle you can receive and fill the liquid. The container has a capacity up to 100ml. The flexible tip makes the fill and position easy. The body safe, hygienically superior cleaning system is disassembles for easy cleaning. Length of tip: approx. 12 cmTotal length: approx. 25 cm (without pull handle)Material: PP (tip), PVC (nozzle)
24.90 EUR
incl. VAT. + shipping
14.90 EUR 8.90 EUR
31.60 EUR 23.70 EUR
10.90 EUR
9.90 EUR
34.90 EUR
12.90 EUR 8.90 EUR
14.90 EUR7.62x25 Tokarev performance versus armor
I've just got a quick question for you firearms gurus.
I've read all over the internet that 7.62x25 tokarev ( ) performs well against armor. I've got two specific questions about that.
1.) What NIJ rating is the minimum needed to stop 7.62x25 tokarev?
2.) How does 7.62x25 tokarve compare to .44 magnum in terms of performance versus armor and also physiological trauma?
Thanks! :)Best Vietnam War music video I've ever seen put together by a vet:
- Join Date
- Aug 2004
- Location
- Kentucky
- 199
- Style
- not training currently
I'm no guru by any stretch, but I'll try to help.
1.) Here is a NIJ short list:
and a more helpful restating from the NIJ in text or PDF:
7.62x25mm ammo I have seen pushes an 85 gr. bullet @ 1600 FPS. As the NIJ standard does not address this round specifically, armor makers could vary on their ability to stop such a fast/small round. All that would have me consider the type IIIA the minimal and type III or more if the 7.62x25 ammo had a steel core.
2.) The 7.62x25 may nudge the .44 in its armor defeating ability, not sure because the .44 comes in such a multitude of loads. Other than that, the .44 magnum is utterly more destructive to living things.
A handgun's wounding capacity is based on how large a permanent cavity (bullet size and penetration depth) it creates. The .44 starts our larger, vs the ~ .30 caliber 7.62, and has ample mass to expand (nealy an inch with some hollow points) and energy to exit the other side of a person. The tokarev is much too small and well under the velocity needed for its temporary/stretch cavity to cause major damage in tissue.
Factor in that the tokarev has never been known for its "killing" abilities but the .44 is being used to hunt large game the world over and also for defense against bears, see worlds apart.
I hope some of our LEO's here will know about some 7.62x25mm armor tests, all I could find were thoughts and speculations... Sorry.
Thanks for the info and the insights. It makes a lot of sense. I appreciate your consideration and help. :)Best Vietnam War music video I've ever seen put together by a vet:
Guy Who Pays the Bills and Gets the Death Threats
- Join Date
- Jun 1998
- Location
- Cow Town
- 19,216
- Style
- MMA (Retired)
Does anyone even use that round anymore?
Seriously, armor should be designed to stop the 7.62x39, not a pistol round.
Guy Who Pays the Bills and Gets the Death Threats
- Join Date
- Jun 1998
- Location
- Cow Town
- 19,216
- Style
- MMA (Retired)
If by Neato you mean, disturbingly attractive, yet hideous, but kinda sexy.
I'd get one only to keep concealed under my cossack hat. Of course, I'd need a cossack hat first.
Originally Posted by Phrost
Originally Posted by Don Gwinn
BookmarksSinger Chris Brown appears for a probation progress hearing at the Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Centre in Los Angeles February 3, 2014. Brown could face jail again for not having a permit for his pet capuchin monkey. — Reuters picLOS ANGELES, Jan 13 — Singer Chris Brown is facing legal trouble over his pet capuchin monkey Fiji, E! Online reported today.
The 28-year-old received backlash when he posted a video of his daughter Royalty with Fiji, after “a dozen or so tips on the incident” was reported to California Fish and Wildlife.
It is illegal in California to have a monkey without a permit.
California Fish and Wildlife said there were no record of a permit for the monkey for Brown or anyone associated with his property and got a search warrant for Brown’s property.
The singer cooperated and had someone in his camp turn over Fiji to the authorities.
According to TMZ, Brown could be charged with “having a restricted species without a permit,” a misdemeanor which could mean a maximum of six month in jail.
Brown’s lawyer Mark Geragos told E! News, “We are confident that the City Attorney has more pressing problems than monkey business.”canine appetite definitionJanuary 13, 2018 AZ DictionaryLink to this pageadjective:a morbidly voracious desire for food; bulimia.How would you define canine appetite?All the definitions on AZdictionary were written by people just like you. Now's your chance to add your own! Your Full NameYour definitionPost Definition
How would you define canine appetite?There's a great little spot in the heart of the Appalachians, near the Blue Ridge Parkway to come enjoy some old time bluegrass music and fiddling. Ashe County's Bluegrass and Old Time Fiddlers Convention is held every year at Ashe County Park in Jefferson, NC.
The dates for the 2014 event are Friday, August 1 from 5:00pm – 11:00pm and Saturday, August 2 11:00am – 11:00pm. The event is sponsored by the Ashe Arts Council..
Upon your visit to downtown West Jefferson be sure to visit A1 Mountain Realty on the corner next to the Chamber of Commerce. We are full service Ashe County Real Estate Agency. The agents Ellen Phipps and Gwen Hoover will stop at nothing to help you secure your dream piece of Ashe County Real Estate. A1 Mountain Realty is a expert Ashe County NC Real Estate firm and will turn your dreams into a reality.Today’s run felt a little easier than the first one. I didn’t have to take my inhaler more than once on my way round which can only be a good thing. I’ve conveniently got my yearly asthma checkup tomorrow so I’ll ask the nurse whether she thinks I need to change the way I take it during exercise.
Despite stinging my hand on some very tall nettles within the first minute, it all went pretty smoothly. It was a bit warmer than Monday so I didn’t have my jacket on. I think that helped keep my temperature down meaning I wasn’t feeling as tired and gross at then end. That’s why I always liked swimming; no matter how hard you go, you can’t really feel yourself sweat.
I went out at about 3.45 this afternoon which wasn’t a great idea as the paths and streets were crammed with kids from the two local schools. At one point it was a bit like The Gauntlet from Gladiators.
I did have one highlight, though, which makes me smile every time I think of it. I was just getting into the very first of the 8 one-minute runs when I spotted an elderly man walking towards me. As I got up to him he actually stopped and applauded me! I said a slightly breathless thanks and flashed him a smile. That little moment kept me going for the rest of the run!
It’s amazing that such a small thing can keep you buoyed up for the whole day. If ever I feel like I’m struggling during one of my runs, I’ll think of him as my little cheerleader willing me home.
Woop Go Leah!! What a nice man!At 5:20 PM -0800 3/9/02, Shayne wrote: >On average I replace the Boge shocks once a year. Yeah, bad roads. Whaaaat? Bad roads you say? I wonder if you have any roads at all. :-) How many miles driven per year? -- Phil Rose Rochester, NY '91 200q (130 Kmiles, Lago blue) '91 200q (57 Kmiles, Tornado red) mailto:pjrose at frontiernet.netInterview by Bertrand Hamonou
Photos by Frederic Loridant
May 2004
Just before flying to the USA for an American tour with his band, the generous and charismatic Legendary Pink Dots’ frontman Edward Ka-Spel agreed to answer our questions about the two brand new albums, “The Whispering Wall” and “The Poppy Variations”. It’s also a chance to talk about his obsession about his own music, and to evoke with him the trail-game-like discography of a very unusual band.
Since the year 2001, you’ve been more prolific than ever. Can you tell us where you find all that motivation, twenty years after your debut?
The longer we are around, the shorter the time left to say exactly what we have to say. And, there is still so much to deliver. I still feel so passionate about it all, and this feeling never diminishes. I love making music, and by now I cannot do anything else. I’d be a pitiful failure in the ‘real’ world, believe me. 2004 has been particularly intense, especially when you consider that another almost completed album sits in the vaults unreleased as well.
How would you describe these brand new albums, compared to the previous “All the king’s men” and “All the king’s horses”, both released in 2002?
“The Whispering Wall ” is much looser conceptually, it’s an album very much belonging to it’s time. I don’t think that it is quite as sad as either “All the King’s Horses” or “All the King’s Men”, but perhaps the feeling of being utterly powerless still runs through it. To be honest, that is how I feel right now. The Legendary Pink Dots will never change the world as much as I’d like to. It has taken me until now to realise this… “Poppy Variations” is much more conceptual, built around a simple recollection of where I was when I heard the sad news about Princess Diana’s death. There are incidents which are so big that you always can pinpoint where you were, how you felt when you heard the news for the first time.
These two new albums are released along with a new Edward Ka-Spel solo album. According to you, what’s the main musical difference between a Legendary Pink Dots album and an Edward Ka-Spel solo album?
With a solo album I make all the rules, and all the conflicts and arguments take place inside my own confused mind. Sometimes I need complete control, but I don’t think that it’s fair to inflict this disturbing side of my character upon others.
Among all the records you’ve made with the Legendary Pink Dots, The Tear Garden and your solo Edward Ka-Spel albums, it’s pretty hard to imagine that you sometimes manage to take some days off. Do you work on your music all the time?
I tend to have intense bursts of activity. For sure I worked daily for the first four months of this year. I had no day off, and I sometimes worked 16 hours straight like an obsessed man. I can’t help it.
Do you have any idea of how many albums you’ve done so far?
I have no idea at all. It seems to me like a waste of energy to start counting.
Your solo albums have always had some pretty enigmatic titles. By the way, what’s the official title of this one? “Pieces of?” or “Pieces of 8”?
It is “Pieces of Infinity”, and it’s the third part of a trilogy which began with “Caste o’Graye Skreeens”, and then was “O’er a Shalabast’r Tyde Strolt Ay”. I’m very fond of this little trio, I do feel like I actually broke into some new territory with these.
There’s not so much noise nor drums on the new Legendary Pink Dots albums, but you seem to concentrate more on the melodies and the singing, like on the almost a capella bit on “Rising Pleasure”. Is it what you’re interested in these days?
The psychedelic voyage on the “Chemical playschool 11, 12,13” Box set went about as far as it is possible to go in that direction. I worked on it every day for a year, and it left me quite exhausted. I love it, but confess I haven’t been able to go through the three and a half hour voyage since it came out. It’s still far too close. Recording succinct songs seemed like the logical next step, though the floor is melting a little once more on “Poppy Variations”.
It seems like you had achieved a cycle with the “Nemesis Online” album, and now you’ve gone pretty much towards the musical opposite of that?
Sadly, I think we rushed “Nemesis Online”. It could have been so much better.
You write a lot, and you improvise during concerts. You’ve never been tempted to write a novel at some point?
I will try and discipline myself for this one day, but not yet.
About the “Chemical Playschool” series, which now has come to Vol.13, when did you start it all, and why did you do so in parallel of the official releases?
It was way back in 1980. It’s not widely documented, but there was actually a cassette entitled the “Chemical Playschool” one week after our first cassette release, “Only Dreaming”. We made a few of them, and then we withdrew it, as I wanted to develop it into what became “Chemical Playschool 1-2”. I love this little parallel project, and there will be more volumes to come.
Are there still dozens of tracks that were written during the 80s and 90s, and which never saw the light of day?
There aren’t so many left now, but there is quite a bit of material still in the can from “Shadow Weaver” and “Malachai”. We also somehow lost the extra tapes from “A Perfect Mystery”: hours of improvisation I could weep.
There’s also that “Trademark Of Quantity” thing? How did that idea come out?
I always loved those old “Trademark of Quality” vinyl bootlegs from the 70s, like those rare old Pink Floyd albums, handmade, hand held microphones under the coat recorded. Our releases are a tribute to that wonderful illegal label.
Which albums would you recommend to someone who never heard of the Legendary Pink Dots nor Edward Ka-Spel, in order to make him/her listen to the best you can do?
Strangely, I would say “Chemical Playschool 11,12, 13”, “9 Lives to Wonder” and maybe “The Poppy Variations”. To me, they’ve all got a certain timeless quality.
You’ve used French titles for your songs several times (Nouveaux Modes exotiques, Encore une fois) and it’s the case once again with L’oiseau rare on “The Whispering Wall”. Why is that?
Well, because it’s a beautiful language, and I wish I could master it.
The band line up has been changing almost all the time. Can you tell us more about who’s in the band these days, and what’s their contribution to the new records?
That’s not really true, even though Ryan Moore left the band in 2001, which still saddens me.. But he remains a great friend, and same goes for Martyn who left last year to make his own music, because he loves folk music. But Phil, Niels and myself have been together in this line-up since 1988. Raymond first came into the Legendary Pink Dots back in 1992. And speaking of ex-LPDs, we actually had a six piece in Italy last year as Patrick Q rejoined us for three shows on violin!
You’ve been going to the US a lot lately. Europe isn’t enough anymore or is there a lot of die hard fans over there too?
We do have a good following over there, and I do enjoy being there as we meet a lot of good people when we go.
Are you going to tour Europe once you’re back from the US?
Certainly. We hope for an even longer tour.
You release your albums on different record labels (ROIR, Beta Lactam Ring, Teka), how is it to deal with all of them? How do you decide which record is going to be released on which label?
That’s an hard one to answer. Normally it’s personal, when I like a person running a label, then I enjoy the prospect of working with him or her. But there is no master plan in this respect.
source:Terrific. I had not fully understood the value of this button before. Thank you.
Camera Basics: Here’s How to Use the Depth of Field Preview Button on Your DSLR (VIDEO)
What the heck is a depth of field (DOF) preview button? It’s that little button adjacent to your camera’s lens mount that you’ve never used because you don’t know what it does. Believe it or not, the DOF preview button is there for a reason, so watch the video below and make it your friend.
Typically when shooting with a DSLR (or film SLR camera) the diaphragm of your lens remains wide open until the moment you snap the shutter, at which point it stops down to the aperture setting you chose. That’s so the image in the viewfinder is as bright as possible while you’re framing your shot.
But if you press the DOF preview button before taking a photo the lens will immediately close down to the f/stop you’ve chosen, thereby enabling you to “preview” the depth of field that will result from the aperture setting in use. This was a more common technique in the days of 35mm photography, but it’s equally helpful with modern digital cameras.
The one caveat here is that the image in the viewfinder will appear darker than normal with the DOF preview button depressed (unless you’re shooting at maximum aperture). Therefore, when using this approach with a DSLR it’s best to shoot in Live View so you can see the results more clearly with the LCD on the back of your camera.
You can find more shooting tips on the ZY Productions YouTube channel. And if you missed yesterday’s primer on how shutter speeds work, be sure to take a look.
- Log in or register to post comments
>)Uniosun Academic calendar for 2017/2018 academic session has been released by the management of Osun State University. The schedule of… [Read More]
Osun State University (UNIOSUN Latest News) |
Welcome to Osun State University (UNIOSUN) news section of our website. This is where you can find all UNIOSUN latest news we have covered on our website.
This section will be beneficial for all Osun State University Aspirants (Those seeking admission into UNIOSUN), All UNIOSUN students and Staff.
UNIOSUN is one of the popular University in Nigeria that serves as an educational and learning center to many Nigerian students and they official website is.
UNIOSUN () LATEST NEWS
Let's begin with an introduction UNIOSUN news that you are going to see here and they are:
- UNIOSUN Post Utme Screening Form
- UNIOSUN Admission List
- List of courses Offered in UNIOSUN
- UNIOSUN school Fees
- UNIOSUN Academic Calendar
- UNIOSUN Cut off Mark
- And many more updates from
Let's begin with each news section.
Osun State University Post-Utme Screening Form
Candidates who applied to Study in the Osun State University must complete their admission processes by applying for UNIOSUN Post Utme Screening.
To get an update or check if UNIOSUN Post-Utme screening Form is out, click here.
UNIOSUN Admission List News
Admission List is the list of people or candidates accepted into a particular school after they have passed the tests set for them by the admission body of the school. In this case, the admission body of the Osun State University . To check whether UNIOSUN Admission List is out, Click Here.
Courses offered in UNIOSUN
If you are an Aspirant who want to apply for admission in the Osun State University , you may be asking :What are the list of courses offered in UNIOSUN? To answer the question , See the List of Courses Offered in UNIOSUN here.
UNIOSUN School Fees
School fees is the amount payable by each student in a particular school to the school.
Have you wondered how much students in the Osun State University are paying as school fees? If so, you can now be able to know how much they are paying by Clicking UNIOSUN school fees Here.
Osun State University Academic Calendar
Academic calendar is a table or list showing the activities that will be carried out in a particular session for a particular school.
To know when activities in UNIOSUN Will be carried out such as when school will resume, when exam will start and other important updates for the session, See UNIOSUN Academic Calendar Here.
UNIOSUN Cut Off Mark
Are you an aspirant looking for admission in the Osun State University ? If so, you will need to know the Cut off mark for admission into UNIOSUN. This is the mark that must be attained by candidates before they will be considered for admission. To access that minimum mark, See UNIOSUN Cut Off Mark Here.
For more latest news, updates and releases from Osun State University website (), or to see other details which was not included in this article, scroll down below.
UNIOSUN Admission List For 2017/2018 Is Out – Check Here
UNIOSUN admission list for 2017/2018 academic session has been released by the management of the Osun State University. This is… [Read More]
UNIOSUN School Fees Schedule For 2017/2018 Released- See Amount
UNIOSUN School Fees Schedule For 2017/2018 academic session has been released by the management. This is to inform all new… [Read More]
UNIOSUN Post-UTME Screening Results For 2017/2018 Is Out
This is to inform all the aspirants of the Osun State University(UNIOSUN) Who applied for admission that UNIOSUN Post-UTME Screening… [Read More]
UNIOSUN Post-UTME Screening Form For 2017/2018 Is Out
Osun State University, UNIOSUN Post-UTME And Direct Entry Screening Form Eligibility and Registration procedures. This is to inform all Osun… [Read More]
Does UNIOSUN Accept Second Choice Candidates? See Answer
Does Osun State University (UNIOSUN) Accept Second (2nd) Choice Candidates? This is a question raised by lots of applicants or… [Read More]Unscheduled interruption: One of my colleagues just told me she'd like to nominate me for What Not to Wear, I'm like WHAT!. She goes on to say that I must have a small wardrobe. Is this because perhaps she's seen me wearing this sweater before. I was gobsmacked.
My reply - I intend to lose another 30lbs, right now more things come out of my closet that are too big and I'm certainly not going to replace an entire wardrobe every 10lbs. I buy things as I need them. People, I'm wearing a sweater and dress pants perhaps not up to her Ralph Lauren ensemble but come on. Despite my delightful personality I do battle body image issues (who doesn't?) but I certainly didn't expect this from someone who didn't like how they looked in the photographs taken at Christmas.
I'm now insulted, I would love someone to give me $5000 bucks for new clothes but when I'm at goal because I will get there.
Rant over - the originally scheduled blog entry is below.
I shall now drink my frustrations away with water.
Alright so last night didn't exactly go as planned. As I mentioned there was a Starbucks whoops and then the rest of the day went perfectly to plan until I got home.
I stopped off at the mall to pick up a pack of cake mix. I have to bake yet another birthday cake for work and I'm trying something out of the Cake Mix Doctor. At any rate by the time I got home it was now 6pm ish and I was hungry. Being in a grocery store while hungry is never good. Hence I had McCain's fries for supper it's 3pts for 22 fries, I didn't count I just tossed on a pan so I'm counting it has 5, it could be less but better I go higher than lower.
Then I made the cake, the batter smelled just like home made I was impressed. Baked it according to directions after 30min took it out and did the touch test. Looked o.k, but when I went to take it out of the pan I discovered the middle wasn't done. Of course I had to try the edges to see if it actually tasted homemade...it did.
So tonight I do it again and this time I'll be very sure to use the toothpick test in the middle of the cake.
Alas today is a new day and one can always start back at step one.
Food Today:
Breakfast:
2 Slices WW Toast - 3
Light Margarine - 2
Cinnamon with a little sugar - 1
Coffee - 2
8/23
Lunch:
Chunky Soup with added veggies - 3
Yogurt - 2
12/23
Snack:
2Pt Bar Lemon Dream - 2
Apple - 1
15/23
Not sure what to have for supper but 8pts gives me a fair bit of wiggle room.
The challenge tonight will be to not over taste the strawberry buttercream icing.
The good news about my cake disaster of yesterday is that resulted in a very fast walk to Safeway and back bright and early this morning :)
4 comments:
mmm now I'm craving fries..might have to buy some tonight, I would have thought they higher pts than that
I agree with Anne... I would have thought they would be a lot of points, but I guess I was reading my flex plan get started guide and they recommended buying frozen starches, so there much be low fat potatoes out there. Too bad they aren't those tater things. Those are good :)
I'm having veggie stir fry for dinner with some tofu for protein
Hey, hope you had a happy happy NYE! Pretty low-key for me this year, which was nice!
But, ummm... hello, has your co-worker actually SEEN that show? You are in no way shape or form a candidate for WNTW. She's getting on your case for *not* wearing things that are too big and unflattering? Right. Doesn't she know that we WERE the fashion police back in good ol' Eaton Centre?
Oooh, all this talk of fries reminds me... Roommate tried these sweet potato fries (from Costco, I think) with rave reviews. I don't think there's much difference from regular fries calorie-wise, but more vitamins = good times, right? (Besides, they're just really yummy, esp with a dash of chili spice) I also just bought some frozen Edammame beans, I wonder if they'll turn out as good as they are in restaurants? Will report back!
The good ole fashion police days...takes me back. Yes she's delusional.
You must report back about the Edammame...I love those!Safety Tips
In an effort to maintain law, order, and safety on our campuses, the Special Constable Service has provided the following information and tips.
Personal Safety Tips
The regions of Waterloo and Brantford are very safe places to live. Nonetheless, whether at home, on campus, or around town, everyone should be aware and consider their personal safety.
- Plan to use the safest and most direct route when traveling to your destination.
- When traveling at night, walk with a friend or contact the Laurier Foot Patrol for an escort home.
- When walking at night, walk in a well-lit area and avoid dark areas, isolated areas, alley ways, and places with low visibility.
- When walking, make sure that you are not wearing headphones or electronic devices that can distract you.
- Avoid being intoxicated or under the influence of drugs.
- When walking, appear confident and always be aware of your surroundings.
- When walking around town, be careful about crossing the street (even at intersections) when roads are wet or icy, when the weather is poor, and when it is dark to avoid an accident.
- When walking around town, be conscious of the weather and dress and prepare accordingly. Do not travel by foot unnecessarily during storms, especially if there is thunder and/or lightning.
- If it appears that you are followed or you feel threatened for any reason, immediately run away and scream and shout to attract attention. Be sure to immediately contact the Special Constable Service if on campus, or 911 if off campus.
- Do not carry an excessive amount of cash and ensure your personal belongings such as purse, backpack, and clothing are always close to you.
- When at home, ensure that your doors and windows are always locked including your vehicle doors to prevent someone from breaking in.
- On campus, avoid working alone.
- Ensure your bicycles are locked with a proper lock when not in use. For more on bicycle safety, see the next section.
Bicycle Safety Tips
In Ontario, bicycles are considered to be vehicles under the Highway Traffic Act and must therefore be ridden on roadways. Cyclists must obey all traffic laws, including traffic lights, stop signs, etc. To ensure you travel safely while bicycling in Ontario, follow these safety tips:
- Always wear a helmet.
- Ensure that your bicycle is in good mechanical order and safe to ride.
- Ensure that your bicycle is equipped with a horn or a bell to ensure that pedestrians can hear you when approaching.
- Cyclists must use hand signals to alert others when turning right, turning left or stopping.
- Cyclists need to be aware of their surroundings and be able and willing to share the road with other vehicles.
- Cyclists should ensure that they carry identification on them at all times.
- Cyclists should carry a telephone for communication purposes in case of emergencies.
- Cyclists should consider carrying a first aid kit.
- Cyclists should always ensure that they are wearing reflective clothing for maximum visibility.
- When cycling at night cyclists should always ensure that they have a light installed on the front of their bike including light reflectors on the front and back of the bike.
- Ensure your bicycles are locked with a proper lock when not in use.
Theft Prevention
A theft of opportunity can be defined as a planned or unplanned theft of property (i.e. when personal items are left unguarded, this provides the opportunity).
High-value assets including small, portable items or electronic devices such as mobile.In this experiment you will measure $e/m$, the ratio of charge $e$ to mass $m$ of the electron. The set-up consists of a visible beam cathode ray tube used to produce a beam of electrons of known energy. The tube contains an electron gun which emits, accelerates, and focuses electrons. For an electron of charge $e$ and an accelerating voltage $V$ the (non- relativistic) kinetic energy of the electrons is given by:
The tube is supported at the center of a pair of large Helmholtz coils producing a uniform magnetic field $B$ perpendicular to the velocity of the electrons. Thus, the electrons will be deflected to trace a circular path with a radius determined by $e/m$, the accelerating voltage $V$, and the magnetic field $B$ (see equation 1). Helmholtz coils produce a very uniform magnetic field in the region half-way between the coils defined by:
where $\mu_{0}=4\pi\times10^{-7} \mathrm{Henry\,m^{-1}}$ is the magnetic permeability of free space, $N = 130$ is the number of turns on each coil, $I$ the coil current, $R$ the mean radius of the coils, and $2x$ thedistance between coils.
Determine $R$ and $x$ (and their errors!) with a meter stick. Then, for a given coil current $I$, vary the accelerating voltage $V$ and read off the radius $r$ of the electron orbit. This is done most accurately by tuning the voltage V such that the edge of the beam coincides with one of the five cross bars in the tube. Perform measurements for as many voltage settings as possible, then repeat the sequence for several different current settings. Be careful NOT TO EXCEED the maximum allowed current of ~2.0A!
The ratio e/m is given by:
For each $I$ plot $V$ versus $B^{2}r^{2}$ . You should obtain straight lines. Determine $e/m$ from the slope and average over the different values obtained for different values of $I$. Perform an error analysis estimating your uncertainties in all measured quantities. Compare your final result with the literature value and discuss possible deviations. Derive equations (1) and (2). Discuss how you would improve the precision of the e/m measurement.This is a page about postal code of Ciniseuti, Rezina, with more professional information like latitude, longitude and online map etc.
This is online map of the address Ciniseuti, Rezina. You may use button to move and zoom in / out. The map information is for reference only.
Latitude:47.6956,
Longitude:28.855.
WEB | AMP⚡Posted By: Sports
sports@klkntv.com
Courtesy: UNL Media Relations
Lincoln – Three members of the 2017 Nebraska baseball team heard their names called on Wednesday during the MLB Draft, as juniors Jake Meyers, Luis Alvarado and Scott Schreiber were all picked. Meyers was the first to come off the board when the Houston Astros took the third-team All-American with the 16th pick of the 13th round and two picks later Alvarado was taken by Seattle Mariners. Schreiber was picked in the 26th round by the Tampa Bay Rays, the same organization where is brother, Brad, is a member of the Rays’ Double-A team.
Of the Huskers drafted on Wednesday, only Alvarado had previously been picked. The Salinas, Puerto Rico, native was a 33rd-round pick by the Boston Red Sox in 2014 when he came out of the Puerto Rico Baseball Academy.
On Tuesday, Husker signee John Swanda out of Des Moines, Iowa, was taken in the fourth round by the Los Angeles Angels.
Jake Meyers – Houston Astros (13th Round – 16th Pick)
Jake Meyers earned third-team All-America honors from both Baseball America and the NCBWA, was a first-team All-Big Ten selection and was named 1-of-5 finalists for the John Olerud Two-Way Player-of-the-Year Award in 2017..
Luis Alvarado – Seattle Mariners (13th Round – 18th Pick)
Luis Alvarado completed his junior year at Nebraska in 2017, making 57 starts in the field and 16 appearances on the mound as a reliever. Alvarado had the fourth-most hits (64) and fifth-most doubles (12) on the team in 2017. He hit .283 with two home runs, 25 RBIs, 39 runs and two triples. On the mound, Alvarado led the Huskers with 10 saves, with a 1.72 ERA over 15.2 innings of work. He struck out 15 batters, and allowed the opposition to only bat .182. Alvarado is a .275 career hitter in 145 games, notching 136 hits, 50 RBIs, 78 runs and five home runs.
Scott Schreiber – Tampa Bay Rays (26th Round – 4th Pick)
Scott Schreiber led NU’s offense with a .330 average during his junior season. Schreiber was also the team leader in home runs (7), hits (77), doubles (15) and RBIs (51) in 2017. In addition, he had 45 runs and one triple in 57 appearances, making 20 starts in right field, 36 as the designated hitter and one at first base. Schreiber achieved first-team All-Big Ten status in 2016 and 2017, and also earned Perfect Game/Rawlings honorable-mention All-America accolades in 2016. During his first three seasons, Schreiber has played in 145 games and batted .314. He has 180 hits, 26 home runs, 27 doubles, 124 RBIs, 104 runs and four triples.
The deadline for draftees to sign with the team that picked them is July 15.Liz is friendly and helpful. She has experience because she physically goes and inspects the homes herself. I wish her staff knew as much as her, but that's to be expected
All reviews seem positive
Get a quote right away for a variety of insurance products.
American Family Insurance takes care of customers with products they need and excellent service!The Modern Combat class was developed as a way to explore the similarities and connections between medieval martial artes and the modern martial art of the gunfight. After our first lesson we discovered none of the students had ever held a gun in their lives, making teaching advanced techniques such as disarms and non-lethal takedowns much more difficult. The curriculum was reworked to address the needs and educate even the most inexperienced students. Airsoft replicas are used to safely teach grip, stance and movement as well as more advanced CQC and CQB techniques. While nothing can substitute instruction from a professional firearms instructor on a range firing a real firearm, using airsoft weapons allows us to focus more on techniques that would be too unsafe to use with real guns on a range, and we can take those techniques with us whether to airsoft, paintball, law enforcement or military uses.
Be S.A.F.E. - Be Secure, Aware, Free and Empowered
The Be S.A.F.E. class is a set of awareness and assertiveness skills with safety strategies and physical techniques that enable someone to successfully escape, resist and survive violent attacks. The course provides psychological awareness and verbal skills, not just physical training.
This Be S.A.F.E. class can help to keep you stay safe! It can increase your options and help you prepare responses to avoid, slow down, de-escalate or interrupt an attack. Self defense does not require a lot of physical strength, if you understand how to use an attacker’s strength against him. You don’t need to be stronger than your attacker, nor do you need to be a black belt to be safe. Learn ways to protect yourself with a 600 year old Italian Martial Art.
Empowerment is the goal of this class. When you feel free and empowered you are better able to go where you need to go and do what you need to do without fear or unease, because you have option
We hear about people who become statistics. Most of you figure it’s not going to happen to you, and you’re right, chances are it won’t. However, while we hope for the best, we want to prepare for the worst. Techniques and a way of analyzing situations that will help you to Be S.A.F.E.
Be safe in the future, while drawing from the strengths of the past.
Debbie B.
I've been taking the Be SAFE classes for a while now, and I'm constantly learning something new. I really enjoy the comfortable and safe learning environment Steaphen presents in the class. And he's always willing to stop and answer the "What if this happens ... ?" questions. Plus, the moves we learn to defend ourselves with have also helped me to understand basic body mechanics, and helped to improve my posture and balance in everydayOn Saturday, November 3, representativesfrom the Joan Karnell Cancer Center at PAH, Pennsylvania Oncology andHematology Associates, the Department of Surgery and Radiation Oncologyparticipated Purple Stride Philadelphia 2012 to help raise awareness and fundsin the fight against pancreatic cancer. Sponsored by the Pancreatic CancerAction Network® and held in Fairmount Park, the 5K walk and timed run raisedover $500,000.
Chief Ambassador of Hope, Lisa Niemi Swayze(shown speaking) joined the Philly event on honor of her late husband, PatrickSwayze, who died from pancreatic cancer in 2009.
Alsoin attendance was Lisa Niemi Swayze, chief Ambassadorof Hope of the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network. Swayze joined the Network asits first celebrity spokesperson in honor of her late husband, Patrick Swayze,who died from pancreatic cancer in 2009 - after a nearly two-year battle withthe disease.
The Philadelphia affiliate of the PancreaticAction Network holds monthly support meetings. If you would like to volunteer,please visit. If you or someoneyou know is newly diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, the Patient and LiaisonServices (PALS) program provides comprehensive, free information and supportfor pancreatic cancer patients, their families and health professionals. Contact PALS at: 877-272-6226 or pals@pancan.org.
Formany, the first time they heard about pancreatic cancer may have been when,Patrick Swayze or Apple CEO, Steve Jobs was diagnosed. But it is not as rare asyou may think. Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer death inthe United States.
Thepancreas is an organ that is located behind the stomach, it plays an essentialrole in converting the food we eat into energy for the body’s cells. Thepancreas actually has two main functions; the first function is to secreteenzymes to aid in the digestion of protein, fat and carbohydrates and thesecond function is to create and release insulin, a hormone responsible forlowering blood sugar and glucagon, a hormone that raises blood sugar.
Sadly,because of the pancreas’ hidden location in the body, pancreatic cancer isoften diagnosed late state, making in one of the deadliest forms of cancer.This year, an estimated 43,920 people will be diagnosed with pancreaticcancerin the United States and approximately 37,390 will die from the disease.
Risk factors for developing pancreaticcancer include:
TheAmerican Institute for Cancer Research estimates that being lean can prevent 19percent of the pancreatic cases that occur in the United States each year.Pancreatic cancer is easily concealed; it may cause only vague symptoms thatcould be mistaken for many different conditions within the gastrointestinaltract. Unfortunately, there are no detection tools to diagnose the disease inits early stages when it the tumor can be surgically removed, this is one ofthe main reasons pancreatic cancer is a leading cause of cancer death.Welcome to the world's largest privately-held winch manufacturer
Welcome to the world's largest privately-held winch manufacturer
Sold Out $ 67.30
Includes all mounting brackets, hardware, and installation instructions.
Please note: This kit is designed to use your winch's roller fairlead or hawse.
Fits Honda:
This mount is compatible with all Superwinch Terra winches, including the Terra 45
View Installation Instructions Now:
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
Join our periodic mailing list for info on special savings, product announcements and winching tipsA classic
Monday night is a good night to go with simple and I opted for one of my favorites tonight. This is quick to fix and since it freezes well, I made some extra to take to a friend who is on bed rest in the late stages of her pregnancy. I fixed four extra breasts figuring that she and her husband could have it for dinner now and freeze two to have after the baby comes. I sent it with a box of pine nut cous cous and I’m finishing up another round of lemon pound cakes (I am not going to let the dog get the ends this time!) I’m going to freeze one pound cake and then cut one in half and send half to my friend and keep half for my daughter who (having licked the batter spoon) is already counting on some for dessert tomorrow!
Chicken with Pesto and sundried tomatoes
- 1 boneless skinless chicken breast per person
- 1 – 2 tsp of pesto per person
- 1 – 2 tsp of minced sundried tomatoes per person
Pound chicken breasts between two pieces of wax paper until even. Spread each with sundried tomatoes and pesto and then roll up. (I did photos of the prep a while back so if you search blog you can find.) Place in a ceramic baking dish and refrigerate until ready to cook. Cook at 350 for 35 – 40 minutes. I like to spoon a little of the pan juice over the chicken a few minutes before the end. If you like, you can sprinkle with pine nuts. Leftovers are delicious and also freeze well.
Hot stuff!
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&TWe offer FREE SHIPPING on orders $75+
Skincare Collection!. Some items are gluten free, but not all.
Shelf Life: 24 monthsOdoo Help
Odoo is the world's easiest all-in-one management software. It includes hundreds of business apps:
CRM | e-Commerce | Accounting | Inventory | PoS | Project management | MRP | etc.
Order one2many lines
Is possible to order the line in a one2many without to modify the original class order?
Finally, I found a way to manage this, downloading this module:
Then, I overrided the one2many whose order I want to alter, in my case the field was child_ids, and I wanted it to be ordered by email:
'child_ids' : one2many_sorted.one2many_sorted(
'res.partner',
'parent_id',
'Contacts',
order='email',
)
Note that the only difference between this field and the one2many is the param order (you can use a couple new more though, search and set).
I also imported the library at the top of the file:
import one2many_sorted
Now, I'm seeing the tree and kanban of res.partner ordered by name, but this one2many is ordered by email. Great!
About This Community
Odoo Training Center
Access to our E-learning platform and experience all Odoo Apps through learning videos, exercises and Quizz.Test it now
This could be also useful for open a tree view with a particular order by clause... maybe a context parameter like order_by?
Finally, was it possible? Now I have the same question.Simply Money Advisors decreased its holdings in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) by 10.0% in the 4th quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 147,977 shares of the company’s stock after selling 16,447 shares during the quarter. SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust accounts for approximately 5.1% of Simply Money Advisors’ holdings, making the stock its 7th largest position. Simply Money Advisors’ holdings in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust were worth $39,489,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in SPY. Beach Investment Management LLC. bought a new position in shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust in the second quarter worth $3,460,000. American Asset Management Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust by 13.5% in the second quarter. American Asset Management Inc. now owns 235,314 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,899,000 after buying an additional 27,941 shares during the period. Proffitt & Goodson Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust by 1.4% in the second quarter. Proffitt & Goodson Inc. now owns 272,381 shares of the company’s stock valued at $65,862,000 after buying an additional 3,685 shares during the period. Sfmg LLC lifted its holdings in shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust by 1.9% in the second quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 125,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,330,000 after buying an additional 2,320 shares during the period. Finally, Financial Advisory Group lifted its holdings in shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust by 2.1% in the second quarter. Financial Advisory Group now owns 249,549 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,341,000 after buying an additional 5,250 shares during the period.
Shares of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) traded up $0.62 during trading on Tuesday, hitting $274.54. The stock had a trading volume of 12,500,000 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $276,780.00 and a price-to-earnings ratio of -188.04. SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust has a twelve month low of $224.96 and a twelve month high of $275.24.
Separately, S&P Equity Research initiated coverage on SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust in a report on Monday, December 11th. They issued a $3,000.00 price objective for the company.
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Simply Money Advisors Has $39.49 Million Stake in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY)” was originally posted by Community Financial News and is owned by of Community Financial News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at.
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust).
What are top analysts saying about SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust? - Enter your email address in the form below to receive our free daily email newsletter that contains the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for for SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust and related companies.We lead off with snippets from a 2001 interview with poet John Giorno, done by your podcaster in New York on the Bowery. A discussion of poetry and New York City ensues, as well as a side discussion on the rock band Whitesnake. Our reading is the 2008-9 essay “Goodbye to All Them,” which was first published on The Morning News and collected in How to Be Inappropriate. Much self-reflexive hand-wringing ensues.
Listen using the link below, or on SoundCloud, Stitcher, or subscribe on iTunes when and if it pops up.
Shadercast 8 Goodbye to All ThemA look at some accidents that have resulted in deaths of officers traveling in the president's motorcade:
___
Sources: National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, Associated Press News Research Center, news archives.Fox Orders Two More Seasons of Glee
Remember how fun this show was when it started?
Fox has renewed Glee for a fifth and sixth season, the network announced today. Fifth and sixth. That is so much Glee, America! Do we really need this much Glee? Maybe we should consider the idea that we've reached our necessary Glee levels and do not need any more Glee, and that additional Glee might actually start to harm us. No word yet on which cast members will or will not be returning, or any analysis of which songs are even left in the pop canon that the show has not yet covered.Carrollton Presents First Ever ‘Run for Rover 5K’
Mon, 01/02/2017 - 8:41am Senior1
By:
Susan Prosoco
The City of Carrollton Parks and Recreation Department will host the furriest 5K benefiting our four-legged friends in the inaugural Run for Rover race on Saturday, February 18 at 9 the newly constructed McInnish Dog Park (2241 Sandy Lake Road), and will route through the adjacent sports complex for a full 5K. A shorter route will be offered to smaller or older dogs, or dogs who will still be working off some holiday weight. Don't have a dog? You can still participate. Or even better, swing by the Adoption Center (2247 Sandy Lake Road) where your new best friend is waiting for you.
“Run for Rover will not only highlight Carrollton’s new dog park, it’ll also Sunday, February 12 to receive the $15 rate for humans and the $5 rate for dogs. Pre-Registration guarantees a race bag, a T-shirt for humans, a bandana for your pup, and a timing chip. The prices increase by $5 on race day.
Packet pick-up will be February 15-17 from noon to 8 p.m. at Rosemeade Recreation Center (1330 E. Rosemeade Parkway).
Awards for the 5K will be given for overall male and female, and medals will be awarded to the top three male and female finishers in each age category. The overall dog and top three dog finishers will also receive awards.
There will be plenty of playtime after the run as well as treats, giveaways, and water.
Race Day Schedule
Race Day Registration: 7:45 - 8:45 a.m.
5K: 9 a.m.
Awards: 10:30 a.m.
To register and for more information, visit cityofcarrollton.com/RunForRover.- Suitable for MM, high output MC and MI phono cartridges
- Separate power supply
- Passive RIAA equalization
- Zero negative feedback
- Low noise
- Gold plated Input/output terminals
- Soft-start DC high voltage supply
- Hand picked high quality components
- Toroidal power transformer
- Frequency response RIAA: 20 Hz to 20 kHz ±0.5 dB
- Input impedance: 47 kOhms
- Input capacitance: 100pF
- Output impedance: 0,6 kOhms
- Gain: 53dB
- Tube complement matched 3xJJ ECC83S
- Dimensions of each unit: 170 x 180 x 55 mm
- Weight: 3 kg
2 year parts and labor warranty. Warranty for tubes: 90 days.I thought that I would not comment on the missing MH370. It was a very painful experience for those involved and indirectly to all Malaysians. Honestly, I do think about it many times a week. I wanted to just know what happened. Can you imagine what the family of the passengers and crews felt?
When the incident happened, all I could do was pray that the plane went down somewhere and we would find survivors to tell the harrowing story.
That was 8 March 2014. 12 crew & 227 passengers lost. Nothing was found of MH370. Not a shred of evidence to tell us what happened.
How does the family member move on?
I cannot even begin to imagine how they felt. A loss like this – unprecedented. For me: incomprehensible. I do not have knowledge or the intelligence to explain or give a theory.
I do know how it felt to lose someone (although in this case, with full knowledge of what happened). I hope they stay strong emotionally and physically. I hope they hold patience and perseverance. I hope they continue to pray.
MH370, appear!
17th Sept 2014.
Sand sculpture made by Indian sand artist Sudersan Pattnaik with a message of prayers for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 (Pic from The Star newspaper)
One thought on “MH370 : 6 months”
My father used to work for the airline. Back then, it was a golden airline. Today, it’s all changed. Keep praying.@Retention(value=RUNTIME) public @interface ElementMapUnion
The
ElementMapUnion annotation is used to describe a
field or method that can dynamically match a schema class. Each union
can have a number of different XML class schemas matched based on
an XML element name or the instance type. Here a map of element
map annotations can be declared. Each annotation expresses the types
the map can accept. Taking the declaration below, if the annotation
is inline, the map can take a number of varying types all determined
from the XML element name.
@ElementMapUnion({ @ElementMap(entry="x", inline=true, valueType=X.class), @ElementMap(entry="y", inline=true, valueType=Y.class), @ElementMap(entry="z", inline=true, valueType=Z.class) }) private Map<String, Code> codes;For the above definition the map field can take any of the declared types. On deserialization the name of the element will determine the type that is instantiated and inserted in to the map. When the map is serialized the list entry instance type will determine the name of the element the instance will serialized as. This provides a useful means of consume more complicated sources.
ElementMap
public abstract ElementMap[] value
ElementMapannotations that have been defined for this union. Each element map describes the XML class schema to use and the name of the XML element. This allows the serialization process to determine which elements map to the defined types. Also, the types define how the XML is generated for a given instance.A record number of over 250 players from 10 different schools took part in Diss High School’s annual tag rugby event for children in Year 3 and Year 4 last week.
Along with the hosts, children from All Saints, Burston, Bressingham, Diss Junior, Dickleburgh, Garboldisham, Roydon, St Andrews and Tivetshall all competed in the tournament.
The format saw six teams split into four separate leagues, with each of the table-toppers advancing through to another division where they all faced each other to determine a champion.
The four league winners were: Bressingham II, Diss Junior II, Garboldisham I and Garboldisham II.
It was Garboldisham I that went on to clinch first prize, with Garboldisham II clinching the runners-up spot.
Bressingham II were third, while Diss Junior II came fourth.
Rosemary Bloom, who organised the competition, said: “It was amazing to see those numbers. Sometimes three or four schools miss out, but it was only one this time.
“What is brilliant about tag rugby is that it is not gender dominated — both girls and boys can play it.
“There was a mixture of good players and ones that had never played before.
“It was great to see those inexperienced players progress as the day went on.”
The matches were overseen by a host of referees, who were: Chris Disney, Toby Jacka, Sam Willet, Ethan Evers-Germany, Jed Carter, Finn Martin, Ben Faulkener and Kyle Rudd.August, is that time of the year in United States where most general sales tax holidays take place to help parents save money on their kids’ back-to-school shopping needs. Below you will find some of the states offering tax-free weekends for clothing in the next 30 days:
- Mississippi: Jul 28-29th, 2017
- Tennessee: Jul 28-30th, 2017
- Virginia: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- Florida: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- South Carolina: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- Oklahoma: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- New Mexico: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- Missouri: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- Louisiana: Aug 4-5th, 2017
- Iowa: Aug 4-5th, 2017
- Ohio: Aug 4-6th, 2017
- Arkansas: Aug 5-6th, 2017
- Texas: Aug 11-13th, 2017
- Maryland: Aug 13-19th, 2017
- Connecticut: Aug 20-26th, 2017
Obviously, in DecoNetwork, you can set your products to be tax exempt in an effortless way by following the steps below.
- Log into your DecoNetwork Admin section and click on Products
- Next, select Product Defaults and click edit next to Apparel (or/and any other product default)
- Select Tax exempt checkbox and save the changes
- Start promoting your tax-free weekend.
Ps. Don’t forget to undo it after the tax-free weekend is over.
from DecoNetwork Blog
Hover your mouse to Deconetwork.com
from Blogger
AdvertisementsWith nearly two decades of experience in design and construction; I have produced a wide range of bespoke creations. My extensive knowledge of materials covers plastics and metals through to fabrics and paint finishes.
My skills and services cover all aspects of the brief, from design, patterning, construction right through to the sewing and finer paint finishes.
Clients include Significant Object, Handspring UK, R.S.C., The Royal Court, The National Theatre and many other promotional and commercial clients.Location: Middle East, island in the Mediterranean Sea, south of Turkey; note - Cyprus views itself as part of Europe; geopolitically, it can be classified as falling within Europe, the Middle East, or both
Definition: This entry identifies the country's regional location, neighboring countries, and adjacent bodies of water.
Source: CIA World Factbook - This page was last updated on July 9, 2017Shopping Therapy
Yeehaa!!
Shopping is Better than Prozac
I love to shop! Who doesn't? But for me it isn't about what I buy, it is more about the hunt. If I have had a rough week, nothing will help more than a trip downtown. It does not have to be at a mall or exclusive store. It can be either a big sale at one of the super stores or even a lucky find at the local second hand store. You are probably thinking "how pathetic". My kids used to think the same thing until they got married and had a bunch of kids.
Well, since the whole country seems to be tightening it's collective belt, there seem to be many more bargains out there. It is very difficult for me to buy any thing that is at regular price. It actually physically hurts. So I scan the ads, look for coupons, hit the sales (especially those that 15% discount on already lowered prices) and stretch the dollars.
Then I go with a particular attitude of I know it is out there, I just have to find it . So with that in mind, and thinking of all the pounds I will burn as I walk down the long isles, browse through thousands of items, and sort through tons of wares, how can I go wrong? When I get home I will have finished my exercise, therapy and shopping all in one go.
I believe there is an art to bargain shopping. When I go shopping, I put on comfortable shoes, make sure I have the right glasses so I can make sure the item I am looking for does not have any nicks, holes, or stains. I also like to chew gum, because it keeps me in a rhythm, but I try hard not to blow bubbles or smack the gum to avoid attracting unnecessary dirty looks.
Of course, a bargain is not really a bargain if I don’t need it, or will never use it. So I make sure that what I take home will be appreciated and have a purpose. Most of the time I am looking ahead for birthday presents or Christmas gifts since I have several children and grandchildren. I have found many treasures that someone probably had sitting around in their homes unused and unappreciated. Then I have seen how that same item given as a gift was truly adored.
Few things in life are as fulfilling to me as realizing I have been a great bargain hunter. I’m not sure why it is, it just is.
Hi my favorite subject, also my first Hub subject. Retail Therapy ahhh nothing like it!! LOL
Elayne001,
Wonderful hub!
Shopping can be a very curative therapuetic event when you wisely manage your time! This depressed economy is real. I love quality but at the best price. I also enjoy taking the time to find wonderful quality gifts to give! Shopping can also be an excellent discipline!
Blessings
3PANAMA CITY BEACH — First it was state troopers, then state beverage officers were added, and now county and Panama City law support will be attached to the beach to help police Spring Break. The city will spend almost $100,000 this year to bring in extra law enforcement for Spring Break, with the money going to officers from four additional state and local agencies.
Officers from the Bay County Sheriff’s Office and the Panama City Police Department will be added this year to the contingent of state troopers and state beverage control officers used last year. The extra help will mean the police presence along the beach will grow from 52 sworn Panama City Beach officers to a total of 86 officers from the state, county and both local cities during Spring Break 2012, MORE FROM THIS SOURCE...
The State Troopers, state beverage control officers and the local Panama City and Panama City Beach cops must be fighting one another to get this gig, have fun boys.
I wonder if the increased police presence on Panama City Beach will keep Casey Anthony from showing up, she sure would fit right in with the party time lifestyle.
Bill Warner Sarasota Private Investigator, SEX, CRIME, CHEATERS & TERRORISM atThe project Study in Prague is proud to be part of the fifth and final of the current European Higher Education project series, which brought together over 100 exhibitors (higher-education institutions, national embassies and education organisations) from across 26 states of European Union to present new study opportunities for all interested applicants.
More info:I have thick wavy hair so I find this didn't do anything for me. I saw no change.
I dye, blow dry and straighten my hair. Essentially, I abuse it. I find that my ends get really dried out after awhile. I put this product on my ends and it helps to keep them from drying out, it also gives the rest of my hair a nice shine and helps with frizz. It doesn't weigh my hair down and isn't tacky feeling either. I don't feel any residue on my hands either when I run my hands through my hair.
These reviews are the subjective opinions of ChickAdvisor members and not of ChickAdvisor Inc.How to make an easy tote bag to carry your shoes, books and so much more…
I found this beautiful patterned dishcloth at Bed Bath N’Table and thought it is way to nice to just use it for the dishes. I wanted to make something more useful out of it, see how the tote bag come together.
Materials:
- dish towel
- sewing machine and thread
- scissors
- ruler
- marking pen/chalk
Step 1
Iron to get rid off all creases
Step 2
Cut 1.5” of each long side. The long pieces will be used for the straps
Step 3
Take the long fabric strips and turn the side that’s not already folded over using 1/4” and press. Turn a second time 1/4″ and press again. So you will have a nice double turned edge
Step 4 (optional)
Cut the bulky ends off if you think the needle might get stuck
Step 5
Open up the strap and fold the end piece over to enclose the edges. Fold the straps in half lengthwise and press. This will make a nice sturdy strap
Step 6
Sew across the strap, close to the edge and press. Repeat with the second strap
Step 7
Take the big piece of fabric and fold the raw edges over twice using 1/4”, then press
Step 8
Sew in place lining the needle up close to the edge
Step 9 (optional)
Depending on how wide you want your bag you can go ahead and sew the bag close or trim some fabric to make it a bit smaller. I cut 2” off both sides
Step 10
With right sides together, sew from A to B and trim the corners
Step 11
Take both straps and mark 1” from each end to line them up evenly
Step 12
Measure 2” from the edge of the bag and secure the strap with a pin at the marking you made in step 11
Step 13
Go back to your sewing machine and sew the straps to the bag
Step 14
Et voilà, you have a beautiful new market tote! Pop your books, laptop or phone into your new bag for a whiz around the village.
Got the inspiration for this one from Leanne again.
I dunno… it seems like everything she does truly inspires me lately. Maybe I should get a subscription to her blog or something…
Oh, wait. I already do! 😉
Seriously, though, for some reason, it almost feels like she is connected directly into my mind, lately. If she was a restaurant, I’d order from her every day.
So don’t be surprised if you see a few more of her recipes (with a “Healthy Foodie” twist) make an appearance on here in the upcoming weeks or months.
You know what else?
I think she also had a profound effect on my utilization of color! I don’t think I’ve ever
used dared use so much color in my photos before.
But lately, it feels like I NEED to add splashes of vibrant colors to all my settings. Like they’re calling me.
Hey, I can’t say I’m hating it.
Like I can’t say I’m hating this cauliflower soup.
Not even close.
This is one unbelievably THICK soup, although you could very well make it a little bit looser by adding more liquid if you wanted to. I chose to add very little to mine because I wanted it to have that very thick, almost puree like consistency.
I think it makes a soup that much more filling and satisfying when it’s really nice and thick.
And filling and satisfying would be the very definition of this luxurious soup.
Both times I had it, I could not believe how full I was after having eaten “just a tiny little bowl of soup”
Well, after all, there IS half a head of cauliflower, one entire head of garlic and a little bit over half an apple in every bowl.
Yet, this soup contains virtually no fat, is super low in calories, is loaded with proteins and has TONS of flavor!
The combination of roasted cauliflower, roasted garlic and apple, topped with a touch of vinegar really is outstanding.
And talk about elegant! Oh, how I love it when my food looks all sophisticated like that.
One word of warning though. The addition of Greek yogurt and egg whites makes this soup extremely delicate. You can never allow it to boil after these ingredients have been added, else the yogurt would curdle and the egg whites would scramble.
Not what I would call very pleasing to the eye, or the palate for that matter.
So if you were to reheat it, do so over very low heat, ever so patiently and with plenty of TLC.
But chances are, there will be no leftovers for you to reheat, so you shouldn’t have to worry about that!
- 2 whole heads of garlic
- 1 head cauliflower
- 1 small onion, chopped
- 1 Golden Delicious apple, peel on, diced
- 1 + 1 or 2 cups of water
- ½ tsp salt
- ½ tsp black pepper
- hint freshly grated nutmeg
- 2 tbsp apple cider vinegar
- 1 cup egg whites
- 1 cup fat free plain Greek yogurt
- Balsamic Pearls
- Spartan Apple, diced
- Basil leaves
- Preheat oven to 400F
- Remove as much peel from the garlic as you possibly can by simply rubbing it with your fingers and cut off the very top to expose a small portion of the cloves. Place each head of garlic on a square of aluminum foil, sprinkle a little bit of salt and pepper and close the foil to seal the garlic in.
- Cut cauliflower into florets and lay it in a single layer on baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
- Place cauliflower and garlic in the oven and roast for 30-35 minutes, until cauliflower is fragrant, tender, and has taken a nice golden coloration. You’ll want to flip the pieces once halfway through cooking.
- In a large sauce pan, cook onion over medium heat until fragrant, about 3-4 minutes. Squeeze the heads of garlic to get the cloves out and add that to the pot, along with apples, cauliflower, salt, pepper, nutmeg, cider vinegar and one cup of water. Bring to the boil and simmer for about 10 minutes.
- Remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes before transferring to the bowl of your food processor.
- Process on high speed and while the motor is running, add Greek yogurt by the spoonful and slowly pour in egg whites. You want to pour them slowly and in a continuous stream so the eggs don’t cook.
- Transfer the soup back to the stock pot, add one or two cups of water, depending on desired consistency and bring this up in temperature, almost to a simmer. However, it is very important that you do now allow the soup to boil at this point, again, to avoid cooking the eggs.
- For a smoother consistency, strain the soup through a fine mesh sieve before returning it to the stockpot.
- Serve warm and garnish with balsamic pearls, dices of apple and fresh basil leaves, if desired.
What a delightful cup of goodness! I love cauliflower purée and the apple addition here is downright yummy. I did one recently on the savoury side with shiitake and smoked paprika. It’s hard to beat Greek yogurt as a non-meat source of bioavailable protein. Perfect!
p.s. I thought your pretty balsamic pearls was a blackberry at first! Great touch.
Haha, too funny! I wonder if blackberries and cauliflower would work well together… maybe in a salad? I might have to give that a try!
Love the bowls!! Where did you find them .? They are beautiful. Cant wait to try the soup,
Thanks Lisa. The bowls I got at Crate&Barrel. Mostest awesomest store ever! 😀
Hey Sonia,
I LOVE the sound of this recipe and I am keen to try it. Perfect for supper on a very cold snowy evening! I had never heard of balsamic pearls and wonder where I can find them. At first, just like Kelly, I thought you had garnished with a blackberry! Very interesting!
Take care
Cath
Can’t wait to try this soup!!!! Please share where you got those soup bowls, LOVE THEM!
Ahah! Bowls are from Crate&Barrel. I too, really love ’em. In fact, I think they’re my favorites. I use them all the time, even for my morning cereal…
Oh this soup sounds wonderful. Perfect for this cold weather. I just happen to have cauliflower and an apple in my fridge. Hmmmm…
This looks amazing! Totally in love with your soup bowls btw!
It sounds and looks so luscious! Might have to give a vegan version a go maybe subbing in some white beans!Read the full story here Web Link posted Tuesday, September 25, 2012, 9:40 AM
Town Square
Author to lecture on teen resilience this Friday
Original post made on Sep 25, 2012
Read the full story here Web Link posted Tuesday, September 25, 2012, 9:40 AM
a resident of Barron Park
on Sep 25, 2012 at 10:30 pm
STOP PUSHING KIDS AND PARENTS WITH THESE RIDICULOUS STRATEGY GUIDELINES. We don't need more parents pushing kids. YOU don't teach this, they are born this way. Its a personality trait. Is her next book on how to Raise a 'TYPE A" PERSONALITY???
Let the kids draw pictures and dream about dragons. We have enough perfect SAT scores (repeating the same garbage back like a parrot)...we need kids free to think and dream.
a resident of Old Palo Alto
on Sep 26, 2012 at 11:43 am
2 easy steps to raising good kids:
1. Set a good example.
2. Have something in common.
#1 is pretty straight forward.
#2 takes some effort. If you and your kid enjoy a sport(s) or hobby(ies) together, that's a great way to spend time together. If sports is the thing, focus on time together, not competition. More often than not parents focus on competing in sports and it ruins the whole reason for doing'Two-kitchen Kate' stirs royal spending ruckus
Public scrutiny focusing on Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
For the young royals who have prided themselves on trying to look ordinary, the headlines of late haven't been particularly kind.
"Two-kitchen Kate," otherwise known as Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been the target of U.K. tabloid vitriol after the multimillion-dollar renovations to the London palace apartment she shares with Prince William and their young son, Prince George, were shown to include two places to prepare meals.
William himself was also given something of a bumpy ride after it was reported that his grandmother, the Queen, gave him a pricey helicopter for his 32nd birthday last month. (In fact, she didn't give him a chopper, the monarchy merely leased one for several members of the Royal Family to use.)
In any event, royal spending, whether in the U.K. or when the royals visit countries such as Canada, has always been a bit of a lightning rod.
The unusual aspect this time is that the controversies seem to be hitting William and Kate, two of the most popular young royals. They also may reveal some misconceptions around the complex nature of funding an institution that has an historic and, at times, controversial relationship with the taxpayer.
"There has always been public scrutiny of royal finances, and that tends to be cyclical," says Carolyn Harris, a Toronto-based royal historian and blogger.
"In periods of recession, or periods when the monarchy is more unpopular, the royal finances receive more attention."
And since the recession of 2008, she adds, there has been more scrutiny of all the royal families in Europe.
Whirlybirds.
At the same time, however, a few cracks have appeared in their carefully constructed public persona.
"William and Kate aren't humble — they're a pair of spoiled kids wasting YOUR money," read one particularly pointed headline in the Daily Mirror recently.
As Harris sees it, there are several reasons behind the recent scrutiny of their finances, including the tabloid interest in trying to break through their wall of privacy.
Another, she says, is "because there is still uncertainty about William's role.
"He was a search and rescue pilot, and then he was taking some time to devote to his philanthropic work regarding conservation, and now there's once again speculation back and forth — will he become a full-time member of the Royal Family, will he return to his work as a pilot, possibly as an air ambulance pilot?"
That said, the reports he had received a helicopter for his birthday were off base, says Harris. Buckingham Palace, where aides insisted the leased machine would be used by several members of the Royal Family, said the chopper would provide "good value for money," the Daily Telegraph reported.
The helicopter is a prime example of some of the misconceptions about royal finances, Harris says, noting "that it was reported as an expensive birthday present for William, when the helicopter is being leased to assist a number of members of the Royal Family with their royal duties."
The actual cost and duration of the lease for the $11-million helicopter likely won't be known until next year's annual accounting. But the sum is coming out of what's called the sovereign grant, which some people, at least, say is taxpayer supported.
The cost of sovereignty
Expenses that help members of the Royal Family carry out their duties come from the sovereign grant, a new lump sum arrangement that includes what was previously called the civil list.
That grant is currently set at 15 per cent of the net surplus income from Crown lands that were, in historic times, directly owned by the sovereign and are now administered by the British government. And in 2013/14, it amounted to £36.1 million, or nearly $66 million Cdn.
"These sums are not infinite," says Harris.
"There have been reports that the renovations to Kensington Palace mean that repairs to Buckingham Palace will be delayed, so this is simply not a fund that can be constantly drawn on. It's a fixed percentage that the Queen receives each year towards the Royal Family carrying out its duties."
Indeed, much attention was focused on reports earlier this year that the royal household spent more than it received from the sovereign grant in 2013, and covered the shortfall from a reserve that was down to its last million pounds.
But some observers sloughed off any suggestion of real money troubles at the Palace.
"The idea that Her Majesty is down to her last million quid makes for good headlines but the truth is far less dramatic," Harry Mount wrote in The Daily Telegraph.
"The gradual draw-down of that reserve was always the express intention of the royal household and the treasury. The reserve had been carefully squirrelled away by the household to deal with a period of royal austerity."
Royal expenditures include money from the sovereign grant. Separate from that are their private incomes.
For example, the Queen, who has paid income tax for two decades and is reportedly quite frugal when it comes to her personal habits, earns investment income and revenue from the Duchy of Lancaster, an estate of almost 19,000 hectares that includes urban developments and farmland.
Prince Charles receives income from Britain's other duchy, the Duchy of Cornwall, and it's been reported he is covering some of the expenses for renovations to the apartment William and Kate have moved into at Kensington Palace.
Those renovations have totalled more than $7.3 million Cdn. Some reports suggest the refurbishment of a 350-square-foot kitchen cost more than $310,000. A second, smaller private family kitchen was also added, and reports say that work was financed privately.
Harris says it's difficult to say how much the structure of the monarchy costs the taxpayer.
"There have been a number of figures provided, and sometimes these figures are criticized for not taking into account the full extent of security, for instance," she says.
"Certainly there are republicans who've argued that … as the Crown lands are administered by the state, if there wasn't a monarchy that perhaps this percentage would go towards other public projects and not toward the monarchy," says Harris.
"But there are expenses attached to any head of.La Nuit is full of contrasts and tensions. An explosive accord of spicy cardamom, fresh bergamot, and warm cedar are revealed in the opening of this masculine scent, while a blend of exotic caraway and earthy vetiver ensure a smooth, opulent finish.
Fragrance Notes unfold over time, with the immediate impression finally appearing as the final stage.
· Top Notes: Cardamom · Middle Notes: Bergamot, Lavender, Cedarwood · Base Notes: Vetiver, Caraway great fragrance, with notes that appeal to people on many sides of the spectrum. Its a clean scent, with just enough spice to set it apart from the rest of the fresh/clean average scents, drying down to a comfortable versatile scent. I have used the oil and body spritz. I currently have purchased and use the body spritz as I can spray on my clothes and it seems to stay around a little longer, rather than just a skin scent as many oils become. Its a safe buy.
- Posted by CS Young on 8th Oct 2017
I was lucky enough to receive a sample of this scent and not only do I love it, but I've gotten several compliments on it. Very masculine, very complex and beautifully crafted scent. I literally have people turning their heads as I walk by and stopping to ask what I'm wearing.
- Posted by Mark from Chicago, IL on 12th May 2013
This is such a sophisticated scent, just like the original. Very smooth, very nice! Highly recommend!
- Posted by Hayden from Texas on 23rd Dec 2012Singer Charli XCX says she buys her clothes from stripper stores.
Charli says there are “some really amazing tailors” at these clothes shops, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
“I’m literally just wearing what I had in my suitcase as I just came up back from America so I’m just wearing a load of different stuff. I got this from a stripper store it says ‘Sex Symbol’, it is one in Los Angeles from Hollywood Boulevard,” Charli said.
,” she added.The aid group most active in Kabul’s refugee camps is an Afghan group, Aschiana, which has programs in 13 of the camps, including the two where children have been dying of the cold. The group also runs schools that provides students with hot lunches — for many, their only real meal of the day.
Their United States fund-raising branch can be reached through aschiana-foundation.org/aschiana-in-afghanistan and their Afghan office is at.
Since the The New York Times reported last Saturday that children were freezing to death in the camps, many readers have responded with requests for information on how to help the children in these camps, while others have offered suggestions.
A retired United States Air Force lieutenant general, John A. Bradley, wrote to say that his organization had just delivered 25,000 pounds of aid, winter clothing and food packets to Bagram Air Force Base that was originally intended for needy people in Bamyan Province. Moved by the situation of the children, he said, he decided to divert the aid, arranging for Aschiana to deliver it in the camps near Kabul. General Bradley’s group collects humanitarian goods in the States and arranges for free shipping on military aircraft, under an American law that requires the military to carry aid when its planes are going to Afghanistan empty.
Maya Bornstein, a medical doctor from Bethesda, Md., wondered whether getting blankets made or purchased German aid group Welthungerhilfe, known in English as German Agro Action, has a major presence in Afghanistan and runs a variety of programs; in the camps, it has distributed firewood this winter but has not had enough money to do it a second time. It also runs mobile clinics in the camps.
The French aid group Solidarités International also has a major program in Afghanistan and has been active in the camps for years, running sanitation and emergency feeding programs.Jetradar will find you the cheapest airfare for Yerevan – Baotou by comparing the costs of flights to Baotou using 45 agencies, five booking systems, and 728 airlines. Where exactly you buy tickets for Yerevan – Baotou is up to you.
Please keep in mind that, depending on the number of days remaining until your departure, the price of a ticket for Yerevan – Baotou could change by more than 0%.
Jetradar suggests purchasing tickets for Yerevan – Baotou in advance so you can choose your flight conditions and focus on your preferences and financial capabilities.
Also view:The Play
(Survey of Dramatic Literature)
Violence dominates The Removalists but does so in a way that borders on the comic and the absurd. Act 1 opens in a Melbourne police substation, which is described as “having an air of [decrepit] inefficiency.” Ross, an enthusiastic rookie policeman, has just reported for his first day of duty, only to meet a jaded veteran, Sergeant Simmonds, who is to be his superior and mentor. At first, the dialogue appears aimless, but a pattern soon forms as the sergeant explains to his new assistant the essence of police work: to do as little as possible but always to maintain the delicate balance on which control rests. Wanting to respond in a pleasing manner, the young man tells Simmonds that “you’ve got to be trained for all eventualities in this rapidly changing world.” To this Simmonds replies, “Nothing changes in this world, boy.” The sergeant then relates, with obvious pleasure, a story about another idealistic rookie who made himself ridiculous when he mistook some innocent fun for a gang rape; this recollection is only one among several hints that brutality and violence surround the substation, indeed permeate all aspects of life.
Just as their exchange begins to seem tedious, two young women interrupt. Fiona, accompanied by her sister Kate, has come to the police station to report her husband, who beat her the previous night for not emptying the kitchen garbage. Simmonds handles the complaint with mock seriousness, stating pompously, “Yes. It’s pretty terrifying when the family unit becomes a seat of violence.” To prove his concern, he asks Fiona to expose her bruises, which he inspects, as the stage directions say, “slowly and lasciviously”; he then tells Ross to photograph the bruises for evidence. By now he has, through his lechery, created a sexual tension between himself and the victim’s sister, who is enjoying the other...
(The entire section is 767 words.)The Russian vodka museum in St Petersburg is one of the most visited places in the city. It is not the only one of its kind in Russia but its very location in Konnogvardeisky Bulvar within walking distance of two of the city's biggest tourist draws - the Bronze Horseman statue and St Isaac's Cathedral - is an eloquent testimony to its status. It is the equivalent of having a beer museum opposite Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square in London or a cognac museum near the Napoleon tomb in the Dome des Invalides in Paris.
In anticipation of the tourist season and with the spring already in the air, the unique museum has added a new variety of moonshine apparatus to its exhibits and a new brand of vodka for nightclubs and discos in its tasting hall. In the second case, the vodka comes with a lemon taste. This encapsulates the two faces of vodka: the traditional and historical one reminding us that vodka is the raw nerve of all Russian history, and the modern and global one, telling us that for the new urban generation dwellers vodka is just a beverage.
For Slavs, drinking has always been something different than for West Europeans, as the very baptism of Russia and adoption of Christianity, for example, presuppose the drinking of inebriating liquids. When pondering over which faith to adopt - Christianity, Judaism or Islam - Kievan Grand Prince Vladimir a thousand years ago rejected Islam because it imposed severe restrictions on the consumption of hard liquor, while "drinking in Rus is a great joy and cannot be dispensed with".
True, the prince meant something else than vodka, because Ancient Rus did not know anything about it, as people then drank time beverages at no more than 12% proof. The secret of vodka was revealed to the Russians by visiting Genoa merchants. However, in general, present-day "classic" vodka was invented by the great chemist, Dmitry Mendeleyev, in the second half of the 19th century, as he discovered that the 40% water-alcohol mixture generated the most heat and was the most homogeneous. He also developed the basic principles of the modern vodka industry.
At first, vodka had no name of its own. In Ukraine, whose territory is known to have given birth to Russian civilisation over a thousand years ago, the southern villages still use the word "okovyta", which is easily derived from the Latin "aqua vita". But by the middle of the second millennium the Russian people had come to call the colourless and transparent strong drink vodka, from the Russian word "voda" (water).
God, bread, water and vodka were the mainstays of Rus.
God takes you to his Kingdom, the tsar grants bread to soldiers on the march, water is provided by nature, while vodka is a perennial driver of the state's wheels. And also petrol for the engine of Russian idealism: "vodka is as clear as a tear" is the typical Russian attitude to this beverage.
But apart from idealism, the Russian authorities also used vodka to serve their aims, with greater or lesser success. Peter the Great ordered vodka to be distributed to workers who were building St Petersburg, waist deep in the marsh water. The last two Russian tsars - Alexander and Nicholas- made the vodka excise all but the foundation of their budgets. Stalin signed a decree on issuing an obligatory hundred grams of vodka to be given to soldiers going into attack. However, Gorbachyov introduced a dry law and, thus, seriously undermined his authority, while Yeltsin sometimes appeared to be under the influence.
Vodka also acted as a lie detector under Peter the Great and under Stalin. Peter specially soused his ministers to understand their ulterior motives. It is coincidence that one popular Russian proverb goes "The sober man thinks what the drunkard says". Stalin drank his associates under the table to allay his suspicions.
Teetotallers, such as Nikolai Bukharin, were the first to fall into the abyss of Stalin's reprisals. And, lastly, crime bosses of the 19th and even the 20th century preferred to discuss their matters while drinking - vodka, they believed, was an earnest of fairness.
But no matter how high the prestige of vodka was among the people, permanently living under stress and maximum physical strain, Russia has always revered absolute teetotallers. None of the saints tasted anything alcoholic. Even the infant Sergius of Radonezh turned away from his mother's breast: everything except water was sinful to drink. And yet there was one exception to the rule - holy fools. They could drink right at the entrance to the church and not lose their sanctity in the eyes of beholders. Dostoyevsky felt keenly the mystic aspect of liquor. In his novels vodka - like money or love - is an acid test for the strength of a person's morals. He did not like teetotallers much, and champagne is flowing freely in many scenes of his novels. By the end of his life Dostoyevsky even considered writing a novel called "Tipsy Ones", where Christ himself passes a verdict on such a life in the hour of the Last Judgement: and you tipsy ones go to paradise.
Today Russia has lost its taste for vodka and is gradually switching to beer. Beer sales grow from year to year, while vodka consumption is declining. The art of drinking is becoming a thing of the past and the St Petersburg vodka museum is proof of thisSPACE ECHO -.
The ep is packaged like an old school 7 inch (very cool!) that actually looks like vinyl! It comes with a black card holder and a vinyl imprint cd. You could actually fool someone into thinking it's a 45. Definitely a nod to the old school (and the old school nods back in appreciation!). It is available through the Electric Label, which can be accessed through their MySpace page, or the links provided here.
Let me start the review by saying Rose is the star of the show. I guess being Dean's daughter has given Rose some amazing musical DNA?! This is not to take away from the talents of her band mates at all, but her voice...what a voice! The opening track, "Like It Is", is a dreamy lullaby of a song. Layered in dense, fuzzy haze of guitar heaven, it is true dream pop of the highest caliber. Rose's vocals reach out and tickle you with an addictive, feathery touch. Her voice is at once reminiscent of Elizabeth Fraser of Cocteau Twins and Miki Berenyi of Lush. It is like a gossamer web, both beautiful and a bit dangerous. Once she catches you, you are done for. Hooked, addicted...a fan forever. I must have played this track five times in a row the first time I heard it. Outstanding!
Track two, "For All Time", mixed by non-other than the mighty Alan Moulder, is another gem. Alan produced, mixed, and/or assisted almost every shoegaze band of note during the 90's. For instance: JAMC, Ride, MBV, Curve, Swervedriver and Smashing Pumpkins (who are not really shoegaze in my opinion)! He is a master producer and his genius is still sought after today. He just produced The Morning After Girls amazing shoegaze album Alone (Buy it! I promise you wont be sorry.).
What Alan does for this track is really subtle and it almost seems to open up and breath. A perfect balance is struck between soft/hard and whisper/scream type dynamics. What an ear this guy has! The song kicks off with an almost music box like charm. Slowly simmering...until the drums and guitar explode and blow open the top of your skull! It instantly drops back down for the appearance of Rose's gorgeous and enigmatic vocals. It gives me such shivers; it is hard to explain what such beauty does to my soul. The melody is an absolutely intoxicating elixir, a truly beautiful thing to behold! Rose really knows how to use her vocal talent to draw the listener in and keep them in that dreamy, half-light place. The lyrical content is somewhat vague and impressionistic. The images they tend to conjure are bokeh and more than a little melancholy, which is right up this reviewer's alley! As in most great dream pop songs, this gives ample opportunity to interpret the song as you wish. Be warned, this song is a Class A narcotic! You could wind up spending lots of your time in "eco" land!
Track three, "Spotlight", is as beauty filled and dreamy as anything I have ever heard. Rose, again, blows minds with her voice. Melancholy never sounded so sweet.The longing...it kills me. This is a slow burning, minor key masterpiece. Its chiming guitar and descending bass line are reminiscent of Faith/Disintegration era Cure. This is my favorite song on the album. All I can say is...*sigh*.
This brings me to the title track, "Silver Clouds", previously available only on the Japanese edition of 3D. Thankfully, with this release, we can all have the majestic "Silver Clouds" along with four other unreleased gems! One thing you may not know - during 2008 Andy Bell (Ride/Oasis) collaborated with Spc Eco on said track. Andy contributes by playing an amazing electronic Sitar drone machine and a custom Dulcimer, as well as revising the songs lyrics. In my opinion Andy is a genius and Ride are seminal shoegaze. All Ride albums are must own, not to mention bloody Oasis!! Spc Eco couldn't have worked with a better collaborator for "Silver Clouds". They really nail the 60's psychedelic/90's shoegaze vibe in a very updated way. The track is immediately recognizable as a cross between The Beatles' "Tomorrow Never Knows", and "Swallow" by My Bloody Valentine, which both owe a major debt to classical Indian Raga. (If you really want to blow your mind play all three at the same time! HOLY CRAP! Amazing.)
I digress. "Silver Clouds" is an amazing piece of tripped out modern shoegaze. It definitely gives a nod to 60's psychedelia and all the great bands of that era. With its Raga drum beat and sitar, it is very Indian and mystical. Where it diverges from classical Indian and classic rock into modern dream pop is the production(all done by Dean), and Rose's immaculate voice! A total winner and a great amalgam of style and influence. A+!
The appropriately titled closing track, "Maybe I'll See You", is another slow burner. Building gradually with a droning synth-scape, it is another beauty-filled journey. Rose's butterfly kissed vocals gently brush the tangles from your weighted mind.Her honeyed voice is a medicine and does all the heavy lifting. By the end of the song there is an explosion of tremolo guitar, noise, bleeps, found sound and just plain beauty. It is the perfect end to a perfect album.
The Silver Clouds EP is another in a line of amazing EPs I have reviewed as of late. More please! The EP format seems to work well within the shoegaze/dream pop medium. This EP is no exception. It's a must have for any and all Curve fans, as well as dream pop fans and shoegaze fanatics. One of the top releases of the year. 5 out of 5 stars (or should that be Suns?)!
Review by Danny.
super cool! i've been following these guys for awhile! thank you!
I'm sold. I like SPC ECO already, but nicely written. Well done.
Thanks Ryan.-D
Decent review -- thanks for the effort. Been a huge fan of everything Dean's done since 1992.
Interestingly, I just bought the digital download of "Silver Clouds" from their page on Bandcamp.com ()
Do you know why it only came with four tracks? Your review indicates that you have a version with 5... mine seems to be missing "For All Time." ??A Guide to the English Language Bookshops of Paris
Paris has a long history of artistic and literary innovation. It has produced some of the finest writing in the world, from Voltaire to Duras, via Balzac, Hugo and Sartre. It has provided inspiration and a spiritual home for Anglophone writers such as Hemingway, Joyce, Stein and Fitzgerald. Parisians take world literature very seriously, and English language bookshops have always been central to literary life in the City of Lights. So for Anglophone bibliophiles battling their way through Proust in an attempt at cultural immersion, and desperate for a taste of home, there are plenty of options.
The most famous of the lot is, of course, the legendary Shakespeare and Company (37, rue de la Bûcherie). The original shop was founded by Sylvia Beach in 1919 and became a gathering place for Anglophone writers of the 1920s and 30s like Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Joyce, Stein and Eliot. The present incarnation opened in 1951 on a picturesque little side street just across the river from Notre Dame. Founder George Whitman attempted to recreate the ethos of the original shop, turning it into a Left Bank literary institution and welcoming authors and intellectuals from around the world. Aspiring writers, known as ‘Tumbleweeds,’ still come to stay at the shop, sleeping on beds that turn into benches for customers during the day. The shop hosts free weekly readings from both emerging and widely acclaimed authors like Jeanette Winterson, Carol Ann Duffy, Zadie Smith and Naomi Klein. Make sure to check out the antiquarian bookshop in the next building and the cosy reading room upstairs.
Today, Shakespeare and Company is admittedly a bit of a tourist trap – the books are rather overpriced and the café, although it does do great coffee, doesn’t really offer value for money. However, if you’re looking for a fantastic view of Notre Dame to gaze at while you sip a chai latte and peruse a Beat classic, you’ve come to the right place.
Just around the corner on rue de la Parcheminerie, The Abbey Bookshop is less well known, but certainly worth a visit. A rabbit warren of new and second-hand books just off the main tourist thoroughfares of the Left Bank, it is much quieter and consequently much more pleasant than Shakespeare and Company. It’s the kind of place you could get lost in for hours, tucked away in a corner flicking through books to a soundtrack of soft jazz, especially if the friendly shop owner has just offered you a cup of coffee. The space is extremely cramped, but that’s part of what makes The Abbey Bookshop so charming; books are piled absolutely everywhere – don’t take your enormous unwieldy book-bag in with you! Boxes of cheap paperbacks stacked out front give the impression of a shop spilling over with literary goodies. Handy guides to ‘100 Must-Read Sci-Fi/Historical/etc. Novels’ are placed in the appropriate sections and cute hand-written signs make the confined space easily navigable. It’s the kind of place where you can find anything from the latest bestsellers to beautifully bound vintage poetry anthologies, volumes of ‘An Illustrated History of English Plate,’ to ‘Poise, and How To Attain It,’ children’s books to film theory to current affairs. A really lovely place to spend an afternoon.
Staying on the literary Left Bank, prime Parisian bookshop territory, are two
more ex-pat run shops; San Francisco Books (17, rue Monsieur le Prince) and Berkeley Books (8, rue Casimir Delavigne). Situated on quiet streets in 6th arrondissement, they are the perfect spots to pick up everything from cheap paperbacks to heavy tomes of biography, psychology, economics, poetry and more. San Francisco Books has a classic second-hand bookshop atmosphere; tall shelves with narrow aisles, stacks of paperbacks everywhere and boxes of discounted books out front. Berkeley Books is more spacious, full of classics and some more quirky titles, art history, criticism, literary journals and more.
Moving across the river to the oldest English language bookshop on the continent, Galignani (224, rue de Rivoli) is certainly the poshest entry on this list. It was found
ed in 1801 on the Right Bank, and moved to its current location overlooking the Tuileries Gardens in 1856. Make your way past the intellectually imposing shelves of French language books on art, politics and philosophy to find the English language fiction towards the back. Inviting leather armchairs and quaint sliding ladders give this section a more homely feel. The overall elegance of the shop does translate to the prices – don’t expect books here to come cheap.
And finally, just a few doors down from Galignani, you’ll find the Paris branch of W.H. Smith (248, rue de Rivoli). Slightly classier than most U.K. branches, this is a good place to come for a wide range of English language titles, and also for Marmite, shortbread, Yorkshire tea and any other British delicacies you might find yourself craving. True bibliophiles will, however, find something lacking here; the convenience of alphabetised shelving will never be enough to match the charm of the haphazard second-hand Left Bank shops.Mark Zuckerberg & Priscilla Chan Welcome First Child And Her Name Is Adorable!
Congratulations are in order for Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan.
The Facebook founder, 31, and his wife, 30, have welcomed their first precious daughter baby Max. Mark announced via Facebook Tuesday.
In a heartfelt announcement, Zuckerberg started his post by saying, “Priscilla and I are so happy to welcome our daughter Max into this world!”
He also said that his family will give away 99% of their Facebook shares – $45B – over their lifetime.
.X-Plane b8 10.10
- License
- Trial version Download
- Language
- Platform
- windows
The world's most comprehensive and powerful flight simulator … as you’re ever going to get on your PC. Claiming to be the world’s “most comprehensive … comprehensive, powerful simulator” it’s so accurate that the US and Canadian aviation …
- PROS: Incredibly realistic, Ideal for those learning to fly, Realistic joystick support, Excellent graphics
- CONS: Extremely complicated for a beginner, Not enough on screen prompts for novices, Huge file size - requires 10GB free, Consumes a lot of resources Wall Lamp is available with the following:
- Designed by Giancarlo Fassina, Michele De Lucchi
- Shade Material: Stamped, anodized aluminum
- Shade rotates 360 degrees
- Fully-adjustable articulated extruded aluminum arm structure
- Die-cast aluminum joints and tension control knobs
- Stainless steel tension control cables
- Stainless steel internal tension control springs
- Head Switch
- Switch Included
- UL Listed
- Made In Italy
- Finish: Aluminum, Black, White
- Option: J Bracket, S Bracket
-: Extension Adjustable From 28", Adjustable To 41.75"
- S Bracket Option Fixture: Extension Adjustable From 28", Adjustable To 41.75"
Ratings: Based on 10 reviews, this product is rated 5.0 out of 5.
TOL1120, TOL1121, TOL1122, TOL1125, TOL1126, TOL1127
Need help with some of our terminology? Check out Lumens' Lighting & Design Glossary.
Related Searches and Products
The malleable arm of the Artemide Jet LED Wall Lamp optimizes task lighting with fluid flexibility and bright illumination. Composed of lathed aluminum, the smooth metallic finish is appealing for innumerable design schemes. A perfect bedside companion, the bright LED ...
Inspired by the cymbals of famous drummer, Ginger Baker, the Marset Ginger LED Wall Lamp is an exceptionally slender conductor of light. The high-pressure shaping of wood and paper yields an ultra-thin shade, brilliantly amplifying the LED light outward with ...
The Seletti Monkey LED Wall Lamp holds a bright torch for comfort and survival, grasping ledges and walls as a friendly curiosity. Composed entirely of resin, the primate has the statuesque quality of a wax sculpture, as if the creature ...
Lumens Recommends
- $191.31{boxId:"compareuu519809", id:"uu519809"} See ComparisonThe city of Detroit is signing onto a federal lawsuit that claims many Detroit students are being denied a fundamental “right to read.”
Activists and pro bono legal groups filed the suit last September, with support from groups like the American Federation of Teachers.
But now the city of Detroit is also jumping on board. City lawyers filed an amicus brief this week.
It echoes claims that “access to literacy is a fundamental right,” and that plaintiffs have “adequately” made the case they’ve been denied that.
In this case, the plaintiffs are students in five Detroit schools. They claim conditions there are so poor in so many ways, they’re effectively denied a basic education.
“The City of Detroit (though it does not control Detroit’s schools) is all too familiar with illiteracy’s far-reaching effects,” city lawyers write in the brief. “Widespread illiteracy has hampered the City’s efforts to connect Detroiters with good-paying jobs; to fill vacancies on its police force; and to grow its tax base. Illiteracy, moreover, has greatly exacerbated the effects of intergenerational poverty in Detroit.'
The brief goes on to cite some recent improvement in conditions throughout the city, but notes that “Ultimately, Detroit’s renaissance will lag if its children are not afforded a fair opportunity to learn how to read and write.”
The city does not have any formal control over Detroit’s public school district, or its many charter schools. Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan pushed hard last year for a Detroit Education Commission that he would appoint to control some aspects of all city schools, but that didn’t make it into the $617 million restructuring package state lawmakers passed last summer.
But that hasn’t substantially improved conditions in the schools.
“Plaintiffs’ Complaint thoroughly—and persuasively—alleges the precise mechanisms through which they have been denied a meaningful opportunity to obtain literacy, (alleging, among other things, lack of textbooks and basic materials; overcrowded classrooms; failure to address students’ specific learning needs; lack of English Language Learner instruction; and unqualified staff),” the city wrote in its brief.
The lawsuit names a number of state officials, including Gov. Snyder, as defendants. The state wants the lawsuit dismissed. A federal judge is expected to rule on that early this year.Susan Lyne is a founder and president of BBG Ventures.
Great people spearheading change in tech investment
Susan Lyne Wants to Give You $100,000
"I just always believed there was a bigger world out there"
Huffington Video: Susan Lyne on Consumer Behavior, Women in Business, & MagazinesChangesVersion Log
General Regulations for Undergraduate Certificates (Continuing Education)
1. The Continuing Education Board shall have the power to grant Certificates to candidates who have satisfied the conditions prescribed in this section and any further conditions which the board may prescribe by regulation.
2. The examination for each Certificate shall be under the supervision of the Continuing Education Board, which shall have power, subject to the approval of the Education Committee, to make regulations governing the examination.
3. Candidates, whether members of the University or not, may be admitted as students for an Undergraduate Certificate Certificate, and who has satisfactorily pursued a course, the character and length of which have been approved by the board, may be admitted to the examination.
5. If, for good cause, a student is temporarily unable to carry out their coursework or examination the Continuing Education Board may grant their their former status on the Register within two years of their.
8. The examiners may award a merit for work of particularly high quality in the whole examination or a distinction for excellence in the whole examination.Husky™
Husky Measures 7"(l) x 7"(w) x 4"(h)
- Folds FLAT for easy carry-home storage.
- Includes 1 standard turbo hot/cold pack
- Only 1 tote will ship
Husky
TRIPLE POWERED MEAL CARRIER. 3 in 1 Lunchbox/Food Warmer/Cooler-Thermal proprietary lining keeps food warm for 5 hours
Doubles as a cooler -Freezing or refrigerating power pack can keep food cold up to 10 hours
Completely portable, no batteries, wires or plugs, contains non-toxic proprietary "power pack"
Insulated inner lining and thermal outer shell for maximum thermo insulationChocolate Kiss Powder Puff Cookies - Easiest cookies ever with only 3 ingredients! The Kiss in the middle makes everyone smile! So fun! I love those cookies even without the kiss but ad the kiss and WOW!
The 11 Best Christmas Cookie Exchange ideas and recipes, cute cookies!
Making Christmas cookies for a crowd, or hosting a holiday cookie exchange? These easy, big-batch recipes mean more cookies and less work!
JELL-O SUGAR COOKIES Create fruit-flavored cookies in highlighter hues with your favorite box of Jell-O. Mix Jell-O powder in a sugar cookie recipe, and roll them in granulated sugar before baking for a dazzling finish.
Chocolate Fudge Cookies with Candy Cane Buttercream from McWilliam M. [Sally's Baking Addiction] on . These are the PERFECT cookie for the holiday season! They are rich, fudgy, and DELICIOUS! of cooking tips recipe
Here is an Easy Spritz Butter Cookies Recipe for Christmas! Holiday Baking can be fun! Plus these Christmas Cookies make great Food Gifts for Friends or parties!
50 Cookie Exchange Recipes - Chef in Training- why not bake up some bars or cookies to give as Christmas gifts this year? More than desserts, these cookies are the life of the party. Looking for holiday treats? You'll love this list!In article <mailman.1059566448.27346.python-list at python.org>, Jeff Epler <jepler at unpythonic.net> wrote: >On Tue, Jul 29, 2003 at 07:29:19PM +0100, Marc Wilson wrote: >> In comp.lang.python, aahz at pythoncraft.com (Aahz) (Aahz) wrote in >> <bg5vg6$2d2$1 at panix1.panix.com>:: >> >> |Fair enough. Note carefully that I said "submit a patch" -- that >> |doesn't guarantee that the patch will be accepted, and it's quite likely >> |that it won't be. But "submit a patch" is usually a good way to get >> |people to shut up. ;-) >> >> Shame it doesn't work in *all* newsgroups, eh? > >I'll have you know that I've submitted a number of Python patches that >were clearly bad ideas. In fact, I'm a little hurt that Aahz doesn't >think of me as "that guy who often posts or submits horrible patches >and won't shut up". I'm not sufficiently involved with the actual development process to hold such an opinion. ;-) (Despite my regular comments on python-dev, I don't contribute code because SF refuses to make changes to allow Lynx to work correctly.) -- Aahz (aahz at pythoncraft.com) <*> This is Python. We don't care much about theory, except where it intersects with useful practice. --AahzPsalm 25
Click or touch “Firestarter”
To listen to Nick read the one-minute introduction.
Imagine you are at a great reunion. Almost everyone has arrived, including some you would rather not see. However, there is only one person that you really want to embrace. All your attention is on the loved one for whom you are waiting. Then the arrival—full joy, total attention, everything and everybody else recedes into the background.
That is how the psalmist is today. Waiting for the Lord and union with God are all that matters. The psalm breathes the air of expectancy and hope as the writer waits for God to intervene against all that is pressing upon him. Each verse blends with the next one, expressing growing intimacy with God.
Pray this psalm often in the course of your day as you take breaks to be with your closest friend who is also your God.
Bible Breaths
What are these?
To You I lift up my soul. v. 1
For You I wait all day long. v. 5
You teach the humble Your way. v. 9
My eyes ever toward the Lord v. 15
Click or touch the image
for the version for children and families.
This is the fourth.Two Million Tramadol Pills Seized in Gaza
The BBC and Washington Post have both reported on the seizure by Hamas, the Islamic Resistance Movement currently in control of the Gaza Strip in Palestine, of nearly two million Tramadol pills this week. The pills were reportedly confiscated from smugglers travelling from Egypt and have since been incinerated by local authorities.
The news highlights the growing international trade in tramadol as a recreational drug. Like America, the drug is treated as a non-controlled substance in Palestine, and is only available through prescription. The state’s Health Minister Basim Naim has stated that addiction to tramadol is particularly wide-spread amongst the countries youth.
The United Nations have stated that painkillers have become extremely popular in region since the military action by Israel in the most recent Gaza conflict which ended in January 2009. Many locals have turned to the painkiller to deal with the trauma and stress caused by the conflict, in which over 1000 locals were reported to have lost their lives. However many more have been left homeless and without basic utilities like running water.
Here at Tramadol.net we believe that if there are further cases of major international seizures of the drug, we can expect international laws to be tightened around the world regarding the distribution and licencing of tramadol. This could lead to possible ramification of tighter local classification here in the United States regarding the sale of tramadol. This is not a necessarily a bad thing, however it put those on low income who rely on sources such as the internet to buy cheap tramadol, if indeed online sales were supressed. However, a properly regulated online pharmaceutical market would benefit both legitimate sellers and consumers.Regular price: $19.95....
She does Britain's dirty work, but this time she needs help. Beatrix Rose, meet John Milton....
Half American, half Japanese, expert in both worlds but at home in neither, John Rain is the best killer money can buy....
What happens to a seven-year-old boy who sees his parents die in a murder suicide....
John Dempsey's life - as an elite Tier One Navy SEAL named Jack Kemper - is over. A devastating terrorist action catapults him from a world of moral certainty and decisive orders....
From best-selling author Brett Battles comes the first book in a spinoff series from his award-winning Jonathan Quinn thrillers....
Adrian McKinty was born in Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland. He studied politics and philosophy at Oxford before moving to America in the early 1990s....
Will Robie, a stone-cold hitman, may have just made the first - and last - mistake of his career....
The phone rings and the offer is made, leaving you only seconds to decide. Betray your country, or watch your family drop dead before your eyes....
A major North American hydroelectric dam is blown up and the largest off-shore oil field in this hemisphere is destroyed in a brutal, coordinated terrorist attack....
From its first moments, Hunter takes you on a nonstop thrill ride....
Larkin Conner Barkley lives like the City of Angels is hers for the taking....
A battalion of Serbs has been senselessly murdered in Kosovo, and the Green Berets stand accused. Now, Major Sean Drummond, a top Army lawyer, is assigned to investigate.....!
3 of 3 people found this review helpful's
I highly recommend all of Mark Dawson's books. Also, I wish that Audible would make all of the Beatrix Rose series available in audiobook format.
4 of 5 people found this review helpful.
1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Would you listen to The Black Mile again? Why?
The story line was great and the historical background of WWII created a sense of reality.
What does Brian J. Gill bring to the story that you wouldn’t experience if you just read the book?
The audio brings the book to life with the regional accents of the various characters.
Did you have an extreme reaction to this book? Did it make you laugh or cry?
While this was not a WWII book the background of the conflict interacting with the story line was very interesting.
1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Where does The Black Mile rank among all the audiobooks you’ve listened to so far?
I usually listen to nonfiction, not fiction, on audiobook, but among the audiobook novels I've listened to, this is the best.
Who was your favorite character and why?
Not sure I had a favorite, but I identified the most with Charlie Murphy, his jealousy and ambition.
Have you listened to any of Brian J. Gill’s other performances before? How does this one compare?
This is the first.
Any additional comments?.
1 of 1 people found this review helpful
What did you love best about The Black Mile?
I've read the book before I listened to the audiobook. The one think the audio does bring to the table is atmosphere. The narrator actually sounded like a British Philip Marlowe and created the Noir-like feel of the story.
What did you like best about this story?
The characters are well written. They felt real to me. Also, I didn't know the book was based on a real series of events. Once I knew this, the story felt even more real. Add to this, the blitz and the blackouts were scary to imagine.
Any additional comments?
The only difficulty I had with the story were the many headlines at the beginning. They read so quickly, and like newspaper reports, that I felt I had to go back just to understand what was going on.
Other than that, a great mystery with many twists and turns.
1 of 1 people found this review helpful.
1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Definitely not your run of the mill serial murder mystery. Plenty twists to guess from.
great new series. I love the narrator and Mark Dawson's story line. can't wait to listen to the next books.
This book made me feel like I was there. The end has me scrambling for the next book in the series.
Would you listen to The Black Mile again? Why?
Yes, It is an enthralling story. To get a deeper involvement with he story
What was one of the most memorable moments of The Black Mile?
Being at the murder scenes
Which character – as performed by Brian J. Gill – was your favourite?
Charlie Murphy
If you made a film of this book, what would be the tag line be?
London before the Krays was more deadly
Any additional comments?
The idea base of this story is very good and well written, you feel you are in those dangerous times.
Mark Dawson writes well and this book is no exception, the reader will be captivated by the storyline and
empath.
5 of 5 people found this review helpful
I've loved Mark Dawson's other works, but I'm giving up on this one half way through.
The main reason is Brian Gill's narration, which is close to the worst torture of spoken English since Dick van Dyke in Mary Poppins. His mispronouncing of simple words and misreading of phrases has made it unbearable to continue.
The story also seems to have historical inaccuracies, such as the use of plastic sheets and bags to wrap bodies in a story set in WWII London.
Very sorry to have to be so critical, but I'm going to be much more cautious picking new series from old favourites in future.
2 of 2 people found this review helpful
I love Mark Dawson books especially the John Milton Series but I'm sorry the pronunciation of some words drove me mad and I nearly gave up!
1 of 1 people found this review helpful
If this book wasn’t for you, who do you think might enjoy it more?
Crime story lovers who aren't concerned with historical accuracies.
Who was your favorite character and why?
Charlie, obviously but Frank, being the misled innocent got my sympathy.
What didn’t you like about Brian J. Gill’s performance?...
You didn’t love this book--but did it have any redeeming qualities?
The story-line was good; bent cops and masons could have been stale, but it was a good story.
Any additional comments?
There were a number of historical inaccuracies that spoilt it: Plastic buckets!, plastic bags on the victim's hands! Tape fingerprint lifting, (1950s at the earliest)
3 of 4 people found this review helpful.
3 of 5 people found this review helpful
Enjoyable story and an excellent evocation of a period, despite the odd anachronism, but trying to work out the nationality of the narrator becomes a distraction. Accents are generally well done suggesting that Mr Gill has an ear for the way people speak, but in his ordinary speaking voice he must be copying someone like Loyd Grosman as he distorts the language horribly. If a word has an "o" in it he tends to elongate "ooooorange," the "r" in Berwick" is stressed so it becomes "Burrwick," and I didn't realise "Arrskeith" was actually "Asquith" until I read these reviews. I found myself shouting in frustration at this verbal mangling: the chap needs a voice coach or something, or to get out on to the streets and actually listen to people. Incredibly irritating!
I have never, in 20+ years listened to such an awful narrator!
Viscount Asquith, he pronounces.. get this!
Viz-kont As-kith! CRETINOUS
That's one of around 25+ repeated mispronunciations..
English CANNOT be his birth language!
If it is? Then I've been thinking & speaking Esperanto for the last 50 years!
Are there no audio editors?
I'm disgusted!!
Should a publisher sell a printed book with as many stupid howlers in it they'd be laughed out of every bookshop on the planet!
P.S.
I'm getting a full refund!
1 of 2 people found this review helpful
Names of places and common words alike suffer and it detracts from the content. The author has, however, tried hard to get vocabulary of the period right.
1 of 2 people found this review helpful
I’ve become a real Mark Dawson fan and have thoroughly enjoyed the John Milton series, so I approached this title very positively.
I have now tried three times to listen to this book but now, again, an hour or so in, have finally given up as I cannot cope with the narration which is little short of awful and does a real disservice to what I managed to discern of the merit of the underlying story.
The narration is too fast for my take on the sense of the pace, style and period of the story, is often unnaturally inflected and is littered with sheer clunkers of mispronunciation, including people and places.
Much as a misprint in written text is unforgivable in that it destroys your concentration on the flow of the story, so a spoken clunker in an Audible book kicks a hole in the fabric of the fictional world in your mind and deflates your investment of time and emotion in listening.
My headline of this review is not un-serious; is there really no-one sitting next to any given narrator checking the pronunciation of any words or phrases that may have obvious optional renderings?
If not, there needs to be. Example at random: it cannot be that difficult for someone to determine that Berwick Street (one of the best-known streets in Soho on account of its market), is not ‘Ber-wick’ Street, as rendered in this production, but is actually ‘Berrick’ Street. Sounds trivial as written but when you want to be smoothly immersed in a fictional story it simply kills the moment when it’s pronounced wrongly.
It’s not a question of US versus UK pronunciation, which can be tricky, but simply what is right for the time and place of the narration concerned.
This problem of the pronunciation clunker is not unique to this title by any means, but coupled with the other shortcomings of the narration it jars particularly here.
This really does matter these days as an increasing number of us listen to audio books - (I get through three or four a month). I’ve never felt motivated to write an Audible review before but was sufficiently frustrated by this narration to put finger to keyboard.
Sorry Mark; this book deserves better - and David Thorpe sets a very high narration standard on your John Milton series which I will continue to enjoy...
0 of 1 people found this review helpful
I'm sure the could have been a great 'listen to' but it was spoilt by the use of Americanisms - it a British story set in London, England so it doesn't need the crass Americanisms - who on earth was 'Ade-of'?? And the pronunciation of Marylebone left me wondering if we'd become a new American state. Going to return it and not listen to the rest of the series.
0 of 1 people found this review helpfulIndia's embattled Satyam Computer Services will get liquidity from the government, but may seek funds from banks and ask for early payments from clients in a bid to salvage the firm, a member of its new board said Monday.
The outsourcer will appoint a new accounting firm within the next 48 hours to work on restating the accounts, Deepak Parekh, senior banker and government appointed board member, said.
The issue of working capital requires immediate attention, said Parekh, who is also chairman of Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), a home loan company in India.
The Indian government has promised immediate funds to help Satyam overcome the crisis and safeguard 53,000 jobs. It will also appoint new board members "soon."
But the amount of cash required to salvage the company is not yet clear, as the board has the task of sorting out accounts which have been falsified for years.
The working capital crisis may not be acute, according to Parekh. The company has large receivables due and minimal debt. But the board cannot plan salvaging strategies until it is sure the figures for the receivables and debt are correct, he added.
"The board will try to its best to help the company tide over the crisis," said Parekh, sitting beside fellow board members Kiran Karnik, former President of NASSCOM and C Achutan, Director at the National Stock Exchange. All three members were appointed to the board of the troubled outsourcing firm by the Indian government, in the wake of a billion dollar accounting fraud by chairman and founder Ramalinga Raju.
Parekh told press that the priority is to restore confidence and then restate accounts that the former chairman Raju admits have been falsified for years.
"No one has faith in the numbers being produced so far," Parekh said. "Unless the accounts are restated, the outlook for Satyam can't be the same."
"We want authenticated numbers and unless we get that, no bank is willing to give credit lines," said Parekh, adding that the board would meet frequently to figure out how to raise funds.
Parekh suggested that the outsourcing firm could offer its "Triple A-rated clients" some "incentives to get them to pay early."
"It is too early to say if there is enough money to pay salaries, or how we will raise money," he said.
Satyam is also looking for a new chief executive and chief financial officer. The board did not confirm Ram Mynampati, interim CEO at Satyam, would stay in the position. Instead, Parekh said, the board is interested in bringing in "fresh blood" for the management positions, and that will take some time, Parekh said.
"Few people want to leave a good job and come to a company with uncertainty, but we hope we can find someone in the next few weeks," said Parekh.
Another top priority for the board is to retain the prized clients of Satyam. But Parekh downplayed concerns that clients would leave the outsourcing firm.
"A lot of customers have been working with Satyam for quite a while, and would be reluctant to change," added Parekh. "Especially if changing suppliers involves moving mission critical work from one place to another. We've not heard a single customer raising the slightest doubt about staying on Satyam."
The scandal has rocked customer confidence in India's IT and outsourcing industry, which employs more than two million people.
But Parekh said this case would not undermine investor in India's entire IT economy. "This one unfortunate, tragic, colossal case, doesn't mean the IT industy as a whole is under a cloud. India is known for its strong, good corporate governance and I don't think that's in doubt," he said.
Former auditors Pricewaterhouse Coopers will not be allowed to audit Satyam, but the board members would not comment further on the ongoing investigation at accounting firm.
Asked if PwC would be sued, Parekh said investigations were ongoing and it was premature to comment.Jetradar will find you the cheapest airfare for Kingston – Bridgetown by comparing the costs of flights to Bridgetown using 45 agencies, five booking systems, and 728 airlines. Where exactly you buy tickets for Kingston – Bridgetown is up to you.
Please keep in mind that, depending on the number of days remaining until your departure, the price of a ticket for Kingston – Bridgetown could change by more than 43%.
Jetradar suggests purchasing tickets for Kingston – Bridgetown in advance so you can choose your flight conditions and focus on your preferences and financial capabilities.
Fastest flight from Kingston to Bridgetown: ticket with Caribbean Airlines with a departure nearest to 16.01.2018 and a duration of 4hrs. 30min.. Find this ticket
Kingston airports from which there are flights to Bridgetown:
Bridgetown airports accepting flights from Kingston:Đã hoàn thành
Deposit $25 in my full tilt poker account, i pay $30 here
Ngân sách $30-250 USD
Hi,
I need $25 deposited to my fulltilt poker account and I will transfer $30 to your freelancer account. I don't have a bank account in my new place yet and I want to play poker. You can make a quick $5 for this simple task.
You just download fulltiltpoker software from their site, login to my account and deposit $25 using creditcard / moneybookers . I will make a milestone payment first and release it after I see the deposit in my account. Simple as that.
Đã trao cho:
NIDIFYLONDON
I am ready to do this. Please PMB for more details
$30 USD trong 1 ngày
(1 Đánh Giá)
1.0Other
Brazilianisms Podcast VIDEO 003: Highlights from First Live Show
Download FREE And Anonymously
Torrent info
Name:Brazilianisms Podcast VIDEO 003: Highlights from First Live Show
Total Size: 16.46 MB
Magnet: Magnet Link
Seeds: 2
Leechers: 0
Last Updated: 2009-12-10 05:06:25 (Update Now)
Torrent added: 2009-09-02 18:24:55
Torrent Files List
Brazilianisms VIDEO 003_ Highlights from First Live Show.mov (Size: 16.46 MB) (Files: 2)
Brazilianisms VIDEO 003_ Highlights from First Live Show.mov
Distributed by Mininova.txt
Announce URL:
Torrent description
Episode 11 was our first attempt at a live show. It is a collection of some of the more amusing visual moments. Since this is recorded from what we streamed overseas to Ustream, the quality is not ideal.
Website:
Feed:
keywords: brasil, Brazil, Brazilian, Brazilianisms, culture, food, Kinsey, live, Milton, pizza, podcast, Simone, travel, tvindy, video
related torrents
Torrent namehealth leech seeds Size
Brazilianisms Podcast 022: A Visit from Scotty J
Brazilianisms Podcast 000: The Pilot
Brazilianisms Podcast 003: Feedback
Brazilianisms Podcast 011: Live Feedback
Brazilianisms Podcast VIDEO 001: Jaca
Russia Coach Fabio Capello looked on the bright side of a 1-1 draw with South Korea. “The reaction was important.”
After a dire first half, Igor Akinfeev’s howler gifted Korea the opener, but substitute Alexander Kerzhakov scored moments after coming off the bench.
“It was a good game, they ran a lot in the first half and then felt tired. You saw the goal they scored, it was not easy to react,” Capello told BBC Sport.
“The reaction from the players was really good and that was very important for me, especially as we had the chances to score the second, but this is football.
“I know Kerzhakov very well, he’s a fantastic player and always gets the chance to score goals.”.
Critical illness is extremely complex to understand and manage. This module is designed to equip you with the knowledge and competence to manage care for Level 3 critically ill patients. Therefore and gastro-intestinal... As you have chosen to study this module at Level 7 you will be expected to demonstrate mastery during your viva in your ability to critically appraise the supporting evidence. This module complies with national guidance from the Critical Care Networks- National Nurse Leads who have published National Standards for Adult Critical Care Nurse Education and the National Competency Framework Step 3.The tips on this chart will help students learn to write better from the start. Chart includes reproducibles and/or activity ideas on the back to reinforce writing skills.
writing hooks anchor chart - will be making my own version for my room for next school year!
Add a little fun to ANY novel, play, short story, or history unit with this easy-to-use worksheet. Have students create cell phone data for historical/literary figures!
This would help with the organization of lessons as well as helping the students to keep a kids of what they have learned.
This is an activity that is usually used in math class, but I think it also works really well as a revision tool! Simply write an answer on the board, students then write questions to match the answer.This is a page about postal code of Graseni, Ungheni, with more professional information like latitude, longitude and online map etc.
This is online map of the address Graseni, Ungheni. You may use button to move and zoom in / out. The map information is for reference only.
Latitude:47.3503,
Longitude:27.8353.
WEB | AMP⚡NZD/CHF: 1-hour
Kiwi bulls huddle up! NZD/CHF has just bounced from the .6950 area, which is right above a rising channel support on the 1-hour time frame. What makes this setup more interesting is that the 100 SMA has just crossed ABOVE the 200 SMA while stochastic just left the oversold area. Think the Kiwi is in for more gains against the franc? A long trade at current levels could give you a good reward-to-risk ratio especially if you aim for the channel resistance. On the other hand, you could also wait for a break below the trend and trade a downside breakout if you’re one of them Kiwi bears.
EUR/CAD: 1-hour
EUR/CAD is lollygagging just above the 1.4550 area, which lines up with a mid-channel support on the 1-hour time frame. What’s more, stochastic is chillin’ like ice cream filling on the oversold territory. Euro bulls could start to build long positions around the area, but you could also wait for a test of the channel support near the 100 SMA if you think that the euro could still see losses against the Loonie before returning on its merry way up.
USD/CHF: 4-hour
Not feeling the euro these days? EUR/USD is having trouble breaking above the 1.1100 major psychological handle, which is right smack where the 100 SMA is on the 4-hour time frame. What’s more, stochastic has also just left the overbought levels. Shorting at current prices could make for a good trade especially if you aim for the pair’s previous lows..Question
What is the difference between Insight 3 consoles and Insight with Emphasis face panels?
Answer
The console leaves the Factory with Emphasis facepanel code when it is shipping as part of an Emphasis system (an enduser can change this in the field with the software that ships with the console), there is also an additional DMX port which will allow the console to output 4 full universes of DMX. Other than those changes, and some aesthetic changes, such as paint, the consoles are identical in functionality.$399,803 (USD)
Average Base Salary
$192 (USD)/hr
Average Hourly Rate
$39,940 (USD)
Average Bonus
The average medical cardiologist (invasive) salary in Colorado, United States is $399,803 or an equivalent hourly rate of $192. This is 1% higher (+$5,163) than the average medical cardiologist (invasive) salary in the United States. In addition, they earn an average bonus of $39,940. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Colorado, United States.
Salary by Experience
$259,085 (USD)
Entry Level Salary
$556,810 (USD)
Senior Level Salary
Are you paid fairly?
Calculate your market salary rate to find out.Calculate Salary
Job Description
Education
Jobs that May Interest You
Unique Preventive Cardiology Opportunity
access_time Posted 7 days ago
account_balance RM Medical Search
location_on Denver
Unique Preventive Cardiology Opportunity - RM Medical Search Preventive CardiologyDenver, Colorado ... Non-invasive cardiology preferred * Equal salary compensation * Additional opportunities involving ...
Nursing Student Extern (Med/Surg)
access_time Posted 29 days ...
RN/Registered Nurse (Med/Surg) - Pueblo
access_time Posted 1 month ...
Registered Nurse - Cardiology Clinic - Full Time, Days
access_time Posted 1 month ago
account_balance Montrose Memorial Hospital
location_on Montrose
The Nurse obtains patient information and updates medical record accordingly. In addition, the ... Previous office nursing including Coumadin and Lipid management and non-invasive diagnostics ...
Registered Respiratory Therapist - Advanced Practitioner
access_time Posted 6 days ago
account_balance Banner Health
location_on Loveland
FacilityMcKee Medical Center ShiftDay DepartmentMcKee Medical Center - Respiratory Thrpy-Hosp ... May assist in FDPAC and IAPB insertion and associated invasive cardiac outputs/profile and non ...
Discover How Much You Should Be Paid
Get informed of your market rate.
Do you work in HR or Compensation?
Try our professional compensation software to generate detailed salary and cost of living reports.Try Free Demo
Medical Cardiologist (Invasive) Salaries by City
Similar Job TitlesI just finished reading Elizabeth Gilbert’s new book “Big Magic,” all about expressing our innate creativity. In it, she encourages us to follow our natural instincts to make stuff, and to silence those voices, whether internal or external, that tell us we’re “not creative.” As Liz points.”
As I talk to people during my day-to-day work at Make It KPT, I am fascinated by everyone’s stories about their own creative journeys. Many have found inspiration in their family trees - a grandma who made everything from afghans to cherry jam, a grandpa who could build anything and tinkered away in the basement, an aunt who designed fashion in New York, a father who was an expert welder.
The only difference between any of us and our creative ancestors is the decision to make stuff. Whether we make things that are essential to survival or decorative and beautiful, they are all creative and worthwhile, and we all have it in us to be makers. We just need to have a free and open attitude and make something.
I highly recommend “Big Magic.” It was a fun and inspirational read. You can find it at -.Brunswick Secondary College is committed to embedding sustainability processes within all areas of the school. The school is proud of its environmental initiatives, particularly its leadership in the school’s Community Solar Project. A staff Resource Smart team and a student Environment Club collaborate to review current practices and make changes that will make a difference. A priority in 2015 is the Resource Smart grant..” Here’s the link again; go read the full text. Feel free to come back here to comment!Hindi essay about true friendship, सच्ची दोस्ती के बारे में हिंदी निबंध, , , translation, human. Short essay on true friendship article shared by friends bind people in a bond of love, mutual trust, understanding and loyalty friendship is a relationship which. Extended definition essay: a true the term “friend” has been used as a verb in the english language this is because for true friendship. True friends essays: over 180,000 true friends essays, true friends term papers, true friends research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers. Hey could you please check my essay for grammar usage and/or things i should improve please thanks a good friend there are many different characteristics a good.
A story of friendship i never knew the true meaning of friendship it was harder and harder to make friends when i couldn't speak any english. Essay about the true friendship similarly, friendships are easier to read when paragraphs are true quot (robert atwan, essay, foreword, the best the essays 1998. Introduction: friendship is one of the great virtues that sustain life it has been said that a true friend is a friend indeed there are so many false friends that. The age of was written the great gatsby maybe influence in how a person watched a friendship the concept of friendship english literature essay true. A person who has true friends in life is published by experts share your essayscom is the home of thousands of essays write a short essay on friendship.
Essay discipline 150 words a minute essay on hyderabad karnataka liberation day bulgaria dream house story essay useful irish phrases for essays leaving cert applied. The qualities of a good friend tips on life and love read more character analysis gerald croft gcse english marked by friendship true essay a about her quotes. Patricia rivera eng3 dr givens definition essay 10 17 2011 true friendship have you ever pondered what the importance of friendship is or, what the.
A true friend essaysfriends play an important role in a person's life they encourage when one is sad, they entertain when one is lonesome, and they listen when one. David hume philosophy essays 3 macbeth prophecies essay research paper on economics quizlet lucas true in english friendship essay december 14, 2017 @ 8:20 pm. An essay on friendship from neutral a true friendship is developed this essay is so well structured and written in easy and simple englishgood job. Free exclusive and advanced collection of english essays friendship is a blessing but true friendship is free from all selfishness.
A friend who helps out when we are in trouble is a true friend unlike others who not many people can sit here and write an essay about their true friends. Friendship essay 5 (300 words) true friends are really bestowed to someone special in the life after hard works real friendship is the true relationship of two or. Timed essay true friends are difficult to find people believe they have true friends, but in reality they don’t have the qualities that are a true friend. Essay on friendship if true, why do you believe this if not, why title: sw i essay on friendship done created date: 20111109210429z. The simple english wiktionary has a definition for: friend and friendship.
Essay on friendship article shared by introduction: true friendship is the gift of god the english poet has once said-“society essay on patriotism. Free true friendship papers, essays, and research papers. Essay about true friendship - get started with dissertation writing and write the best dissertation ever use from our cheap custom essay writing services and benefit. Essay true friends jealousy is the route of many evils, and can effect us, all from the poorest of paupers to the richest of kings it has lead. Friendship day essay in english dilip thakur loading with or without gifts or greeting cards, the true friendship is bound to flourish.Business Directory SearchDowntown Mindfulness offers evidence-based solutions in Western Mass to develop core mindfulness skills for leading with courage, compassion, and clarity in a complex world.67 N. Pleasant St.Amherst, MA 01002Curbside trash & recycling service with all the extras. Convenient weekly pickup with the solution for your recycling & disposal needs.129 Elm St.P.O. Box 14Hatfield, MA 01038Family Dentistry196 N. Pleasant Street., Ste. 13Amherst, MA 01002Dakin Humane Society has frisky cats, fun-loving dogs, rabbits and other small animals for adoption. We also provide dog training, a behavior helpline, low-cost spay/neuter, pet food pantry and more!163 Montague Rd.Leverett, MA 01054News and entertainment for Northampton. To subscribe call 586-1925.115 Conz St.Northampton, MA 01060
David ZiomekAmherst, MA 01002
- (413) 584-5000Dear Parents,
Please see the below schedule for all Middle School Students. Due to End Of Grade testing (EOG), the Middle School schedule is NOT the same as the High School schedule. Students should arrive to school no later than 8:15 so that they are ready for testing. Please note the change in dismissal times. It is possible that students may finish testing before the 11:30 dismissal time and will therefore be allowed to call home to be picked up. Students who do not finish by 11:30, will continue working. Lunch will not be served after June 2nd, students should eat a large, healthy breakfast before coming to school. [Please click HERE for the full calendar.]
Monday, June 1, 2015 – All students, Regular School Day, 2:00 dismissal
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 – All students, Regular School Day, 2:00 dismissal
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 – All students, EOG Testing 8:15-11:30, 11:30 dismissal
Thursday, June 4, 2015 – All students, EOG Testing 8:15-11:30, 11:30 dismissal
Friday, June 5, 2015 – 8th grade students only, EOG Science Testing, 8:15-11:30, 11:30 dismissal; NO SCHOOL FOR 6th & 7th Grade
Monday, June 8, 2015 – All Students, Middle School End of Year Activities, 12:00 dismissal
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 – All Students, Middle School End of Year Activities, 12:00 dismissal
Wednesday June 10, 2015 – All Students, Field Day, 8:15-12:30, Drop Off & Pick Up at Womble Park, Holly Springs
Thursday, June 11, 2015 – 7th & 8th Grade Students, Beach Field Trip (Off campus 6am-6pm); 6th Grade Students, In House Science Field Trip (On Campus) & Ice Cream Party, 12:00 dismissal, LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
Friday, June 12, 2015 – 8th Grade Students, Picnic at Pullen Park Shelter 1, 10am-2pm; 8th Grade Students, Graduation at New Horizons Church, Apex, 6pmA stem cell-modeled mouse embryo at 96 hours (left); Mouse embryo cultured in vitro for 48 hours from the blastocyst stage (right). The red part is embryonic and the blue extra-embryonic.IMAGE: SARAH HARRISON AND GAELLE RECHER, ZERNICKA-GOETZ LAB, UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGEScientists claim to have created an artificial mouse embryo using two types of stem cells—embryonic stem cells and extra-embryonic trophoblast stem cells, which normally form the placenta. They reported their results in Science yesterday (March 2).
“They are very similar to natural mouse embryos,” lead author Magdalena Zernicka-Goetz, a University of Cambridge biologist, told New Scientist. “We put the two types of stem cells together—which has never been done before—to allow them to speak to each other. We saw that the cells could self-organize themselves without our help.”
Zernicka-Goetz and her colleagues placed the mixture of embryonic and trophoblast stem cells onto a 3D scaffold that mimicked the extracellular matrix and aided in the nascent cells’ development. Four and a half days later, the group of cells on the scaffold had architecture and morphogenesis resembling a natural mouse embryo.
Scientists may be able to use similar methods to grow and study early human embryos. “This will allow us to study key events of this critical stage of human development without actually having to work on embryos,” Zernicka-Goetz told Reuters. “(And) knowing how development normally occurs will allow us to understand why it so often goes wrong.”
That proposition, of course, raises myriad ethical questions. Currently, developmental biologists can only use discarded human embryos and can only keep them alive for 14 days, post fertilization. “A regulatory body will ultimately decide on whether human stem cell embryos can be generated and for how long they can be left in the petri dish to develop further,” James Adjaye, a stem cell researcher at Heinrich Heine University in Germany, told The Telegraph. “Of course, there should be an international dialogue on the regulation of such experiments.”In reply to # 3658001 by TheRocker Iceman "READ" Before you comment and boost your self-esteem off the world take a few seconds to READ... I had the same problem prior to my exotic suspension changes.
Shocks act as an upper control arm on these cars. If the lever shaft is loose in the bore then suspension geometry will be all over the place. Adding aftermarket dampening won't solve the problem of a worn out shock lever. Everything has to be up to spec before modifications (lowering) should be attempted.No Avatar image uploaded
Everton Rumours Member Posts
Buster Jones 35's Profile
No Avatar image uploaded
Not entered
Correct Score Competition
Not played Flat Out Racing
Buster Jones 35's Posts and Other Poster's Replies To Buster Jones 35's Posts
To Buster Jones 35's last 5 rumours posts
To Buster Jones 35's last 5 banter posts
To Buster Jones 35's last 5 rumour replies
To Buster Jones 35's last 5 banter replies
Buster Jones 35's rumours posts with other poster's replies to Buster Jones 35's rumours posts
29 Aug 2017 20:02:44
Rumours coming out of Qatar usmonov is looking to sell his shares in arsenal not sure how true this is .
1.) 29 Aug 2017 20:14:28
Dont Jonesee I nearly peed meself then, knowing our luck he would buy them across the park.
2.) 29 Aug 2017 20:58:26
Saw that report on Twitter too not exactly reliable but fingers crossed.
29 Aug 2017 19:57:54
Chelsea have offered 25m for Barkley rumours starting to gather pace now .
1.) 29 Aug 2017 20:14:48
Take that and run, fast.
{Ed025's Note - absolutely degs..
2.) 29 Aug 2017 20:37:54
I agree boys. Ross wants gone. let's all party's shake on it.
3.) 29 Aug 2017 21:33:12
Why not be cheeky and see if Willian would fancy a change of scenery?
{Ed025's Note - i do like him tadpole but would prefer a proper CF mate..
4.) 29 Aug 2017 22:40:38
Agreed Ed. Although we've done some great business and have some outstanding prospects too, without a proven number 9, we'll struggle to get our hands on a trophy or top 6 this season. The board and the manager will know this and the fans should be confident that all that can be done will be done to get one over the line. Fingers crossed!
{Ed025's Note - and everything else tadpole mate..
5.) 29 Aug 2017 22:39:00
Jeez if Johhny effing Evans is worth north of £21m Barkley's an absolute steal at £25m. Where did it all go wrong?
6.) 30 Aug 2017 00:49:01
ask for the batman in px.
09 Aug 2017 17:50:22
Got my new shirt from club shop and staff told me new signing by Friday they have been told . not sure if it's true.
1.) 09 Aug 2017 18:18:03
would be surprised if it wasn't true tbh buster we seem to have been totally focused on gylfi for far to long. personally if we can't wrap up a deal within the next 24 hrs i would move on to other targets. there are good players everywhere that are still for sale quality players that are signing for other teams as we turn a positive start to the window into a fiasco. no one knows who we are actually chasing apart from gylfi that is it is all just speculation or inquiries with no further action. don't know what happened to the giroud link but we seem to have moved on to welbeck according to more speculation but just we might be interested no firm offer from the club getting sick of it. i can't see us standing our ground on gylfi unless we had a potential replacement ready to go so it will probs be that someone at least i hope so.
2.) 09 Aug 2017 18:49:37
Club shop should know! They must have boxes upon boxes of vowels and consonants waiting in the back in case Gylfi signs.
3.) 09 Aug 2017 19:52:13
Told you before lads. It is obvious that the initial signings were purchased on the strength of Lukaku's up and coming fee. There is no new money for signings as it has to be funnelled into the new stadium accounting column. Any new incomings now depend on cash flow, hence the reduction in Barkleys ask, in order to facilitate a quick income and the reason behind the renegotiation stance on Sigurdson.
4.) 09 Aug 2017 20:14:37
Yep new signing for Friday, apparently the shop has been short staffed for ages.
5.) 09 Aug 2017 20:17:02
Pure speculation Bill, non of us have any clue regarding the financial situation at the club. Let's see what happens before the end of the transfer window before coming to any conclusions.
6.) 09 Aug 2017 20:32:19
you have to be more business savvy than that the funds for the new stadium would have been agreed upon a while ago you don't then funnel money into something that has been agreed. no sales from players would be funneled in such a way, this would be market sensitive and no financial institution would agree a deal to build a stadium based on future player sales, in a transfer market best described as whimsical and at worst cut throat based on whether a player deamnds to leave or whether he does a gylfi and sees what deal can be agreed amicably. you might be able to pay your debts or you might not depending on player sales is just nonsense. imo that money will have had to have been in a fund by a certain date for the deal to be agreed and seeing as it has that would not be a concern.
7.) 09 Aug 2017 20:41:49
Must be Dolberg then as there's a private flight coming in from Amsterdam :-)
8.) 09 Aug 2017 20:41:10
We have money not sure why people think there is none.
9.) 10 Aug 2017 06:41:56
all this speculation about a flight from amsterdam is mildy amusing before we all get too excited you have to remember that we are not the only team in the region, and any of the teams in the north west from utd to our neighbours could be involved in whatever is transpiring with this flight. albeit that when i worked the front desk at a hotel in the city that had an account with efc hardly any of the rooms let to us was actually for players it was mostly business types that i suspected were trying to tie up deals but i never once saw a player from another team in the hotel before signing, its true tho that once a player has been announced he may stay at the hotel while he sorts his own accommodation, deals like this rarely take place in front of hotel guests or staff or in the public eye. until we hear a player is coming for a potential deal or infact has been announced by the club then i would not take any notice of it. and dohlberg is a big player would it be kept so quiet if he was on the verge of moving to the prem i don't think so. altho would be happy to be wrong on this, we need a player like him asap.
10.) 10 Aug 2017 07:25:15
and to top it off dohlberg has recently been linked with a move to liverpool acccording to some outlets just googled him to see what info is doing the rounds and his link to man u in may is top and second is liverpool are chasing him, add to that ajax' words about not selling him this year and i would think this flight has someone else on it, kinda wanna go the airport and camp out with binoculars but then again, nah will just have to wait and see.
11.) 10 Aug 2017 13:15:29
having read a lot of google garbage on the subject of efc transfer targets if we are about to sign someone flying in from amsterdam then i would agree with the guy who said Jorgensen a month ago we were readying an 18 mill bid according to more than one outlet we need a striker and so far can't see why we wouldn't follow up on him so that's my best guess altho if it is him credit should go to the guy who kept bringing him up in these posts, we best sign someone within the next 24 hrs after all this excitement sad news that we are still nowhere near signing gylfi.
13 Jun 2017 18:59:49
Any of the eds know what is going on with Ross barkley I not even sure there is any interest in him anymore from any of the top sides.
{Ed002's Note - Everton will be open to a sale and Spurs are interested still.}
1.) 13 Jun 2017 19:37:27
Thanks.
11 Jun 2017 22:13:58
Sandro is in Liverpool talks already underway looks like he is the first in this summer good start .
1.) 12 Jun 2017 12:10:50
How many times have players been at the training ground and still not signed. Wait til he's holding the kit before getting your hopes up.
Buster Jones 35's banter posts with other poster's replies to Buster Jones 35's banter posts
01 Sep 2017 08:47:06
Strange window just the one disappointment no striker . but just something I wanted to add and get people's thoughts if Ross and Omar would of left last night everton net spend would of been nothing.
1.) 01 Sep 2017 10:00:25
Net spend is immaterial! We bought players prior to selling so the intention is there. If you go by net spend then Barca's transfer window was absolutely shocking.
31 Aug 2017 19:22:12
Jim was right between 8pm - 9pm we will make a massive signing that will shock us all the young lad from Croatia 😂😂😂😂 nice one jim Mr mosh get him off our pay roll please.
1.) 31 Aug 2017 20:24:19
Bang on the money Buster.
21 Jul 2017 14:05:41
For 13m I would take chicorito all day long there's 15 goals a season in him I no he is not a target man but he is pest.
17 Jul 2017 18:47:13
Keoman to me is being very cleaver with Barkley he is keeping him out in the cold but not only is he doing this he is not getting match fit so which if he is sold he is already going to be a few weeks behind everyone I for one am not buying his in injured. He is out the team until he signs or is sold.
1.) 18 Jul 2017 08:40:12
Or just maybe Barkley is injured?
2.) 18 Jul 2017 09:03:39
That does sound very far fetched. Can't imagine Ross just accepting that. The lad will still wanna play football and get himself match for. Plus how unprofessional would that be from koeman. If it's true which I really doubt then would that not be koeman being as childish as Ross is supposedly being about the contract situation.
3.) 18 Jul 2017 16:32:50
Why is bollasie going then?
4.) 18 Jul 2017 23:11:08
Not childish at all, pre season is about preparation for the season ahead and Ross has made it clear he is not interested in being part of the season ahead by not commiting to the future at Everton, Niasse wasn't wanted last term yet that was fine with most but its different with Ross why? Because he's a local lad?
Don't care if your from Huyton or Brighton if you ain't part of the future, then you ain't part of the team, don't have bad apples in a bunch as it ruins the crop. Bolasie is injured and is not available until possibly the new year but has travelled as he is part of the squad for the upcoming season, Ross isn't, that's his doing, not Koemans, so whilst he waits for his dream move to the leather seats at Wembley we continue building and moving forward without him and I support this stance by the club.
10 Jul 2017 20:46:21
Everton will wait for West ham to agree fee with stoke before we make a move (not even going to attempt to spell his name lol) because it will cost us 10m more makes sense to wait.
1.) 11 Jul 2017 17:55:35
just call him Arnie.
Buster Jones 35's rumour replies
Click To View This Thread
31 Aug 2017 19:25:54
Good not a big man I just think would of been a replacement for Kevin.
Click To View This Thread
29 Aug 2017 22:03:33
Old news😴.
Click To View This Thread
29 Aug 2017 19:59:22
30m that's a joke 7m or 8m should be more like it bigger fish to fry I think I still think Costa for a year on loan.
Click To View This Thread
09 Aug 2017 20:41:10
We have money not sure why people think there is none.
Click To View This Thread
25 Jul 2017 18:20:21
David Beckham say no more.
Buster Jones 35's banter replies
Click To View This Thread
31 Aug 2017 21:24:54
No hope then.
Click To View This Thread
21 Jul 2017 19:59:57
43.5m plus the add ons of oll.
Click To View This Thread
21 Jul 2017 19:58:19
Bloody hell, be happy mate we look a lot better then we did last year and just because we managed to get a few in early transfers can take time selling clubs will only sell when they have a replacement yes roms money has been spent but there is more just calm down.
Click To View This Thread
10 Jul 2017 20:50:34
Why not buy him still have change from rom.
{Ed025's Note - he wants athletico in january mate..
Click To View This Thread
09 Jul 2017 14:26:03
Thanks pal.ADOPTED AUGUST 1, 1991 - Revised June 1, 1992
Section 1.
Name
The name of the organization
shall be the Plate Number Coil Collectors Club, hereinafter designated by the symbol PNC3.
Section 2.
Purpose
The purposes of the club are to
promote interest and knowledge of philately among its members and the public generally in
the field of United States plate number coil stamps, through the encouragement of
philatelic research, exchange of information with other philatelic organizations and among
its own members by means of a club publication as well as regular meetings for this
purpose, and through the holding of public and private philatelic exhibitions; to study
methods of coil stamp production and distribution; to encourage the preservation and
documentation of items of postal history; to encourage, sponsor, and introduce the
educational and recreational aspects of philately among young people; to cultivate a
feeling of mutual friendship and fraternity among members; and to assist members in
acquiring and disposal of stamps by gift, purchase, or any other legitimate way.
Section 3.
Nonprofit
Status
PNC3 shall not be
operated for the purpose of carrying on a trade or business for profit. No portion of the
assets or net earnings of the club shall ever be used, nor shall the PNC3 ever
be organized or operated for purposes that are not charitable, scientific, literary, or
educational, within the meaning of section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code or
corresponding section of any future federal tax code. Upon dissolution, its assets shall
be distributed to the American Philatelic Society or other charitable 501(c)(3)
organization (as determined by plurality vote of members in good standing) for use in a
manner befitting the furtherance of the hobby of philately.
Section 4.
Operation
The club shall operate in
accordance with the bylaws herein set forth, which may be supplemented with such Standing
Rules as may from time to time be determined by the Executive Board. Standing Rules shall
never conflict with these bylaws.
Section 5.
Principal
Office
The principal office of the club
shall be at the address of the current Secretary of the club, or at such other location as
the Executive Board shall lawfully designate or the affairs of the club may require from
time to time.
Section 1.
Eligibility
Any person willing to abide by
the Club's Code of Ethics and interested in plate number coil philately, may become a
member of PNC3, in accordance with the provisions of this article.
Section 2.
Application
and Review
Applications for membership in
the club shall be in writing and in such form as the Executive Board may from time to time
either prescribe or approve. The name of each prospective member shall be published in the
club journal for review by all club members at the earliest possible date after receipt of
the application by the club Secretary. Any member objecting to the admission of a
prospective member shall make such objection known to the Membership Committee within 30
days of journal publication and the committee shall immediately convey such objection to
the notice of the Executive Board. The Membership Committee will investigate the objection
and decide by majority vote whether to recommend denial of admission to the Executive
Board. The Executive Board will then decide by majority vote whether to deny membership. A
rejected applicant may petition the Executive Board through the Secretary for
reconsideration of the decision and may submit additional pertinent information. The
decision of the Executive Board upon such reconsideration shall be final. Membership shall
be automatically granted if no objections are received in the prescribed time period. In
the event that membership is denied, dues and fees submitted with the application shall be
refunded. After all necessary investigations have been completed, and upon admission, new
members shall be assigned membership numbers seriatim.
Section 3.
Classes of
Membership
Membership shall be offered in
the following categories:
a.
Individual Member. An adult member with full
voting privileges.
b.
Organizational Member. A business or other
organization may hold membership in PNC3 provided it designates an individual
as its representative. The individual so designated must qualify under all requirements
for regular membership. One vote may be cast by the designated individual in any voting
matter. Dues for organizational members shall be the same as that assessed for individual
c.
Life Member. Life membership may be requested by
an individual member in good standing who has been a member for five continuous years and
who submits a fee equal to ten times the current year dues. Life members have full voting
privileges and shall pay no dues. Life Membership is designated by the addition of
"L" after the individual's membership number.
d.
Junior Member. A youth of at least 12 but not yet
18 years of age may be admitted to the club as a junior member. Junior members shall not
have voting privileges. A junior member shall be automatically qualified for individual
membership in the club in the year after attainment of his/her 18th birthday by paying the
full dues of an individual member. A Junior Membership is designated by the addition of
"J" after the individual's membership number.
Section 4.
Dues and Fees
The annual dues and fees shall be
determined by the Executive Board. Dues are payable prior to the end of the calendar year
for the next calendar year. Incoming members shall pay an initiation fee and partial dues
for the balance of the year, amounts to be set by the Executive Board. A reinstatement fee
(amount set by the Executive Board) shall be required from former members desiring same.
Section 5.
Termination
Membership in PNC3 is
a privilege extended to those with common interests and who agree to act in accordance
with these bylaws. Failure to do so will result in termination of membership. Removal
action may be taken for the following reasons:
a.
Removal for Cause. If any member shall be charged
in writing, addressed to the President of the club, with conduct at variance with the
Club's Code of Ethics, the President shall forthwith refer any such complaint to the
Ethics Committee. The Ethics Committee shall inform such offending party in writing,
furnishing a copy of said charge, and giving at least 30 days notice to respond in writing
to the charge. If, upon investigation, the Ethics Committee shall be satisfied with the
truth of the charge, it may recommend to the Executive Board the temporary suspension of
membership and may simultaneously recommend termination. Upon such recommendation of the
Ethics Committee, suspension and/or removal may be accomplished by the vote of at least
two-thirds of the Executive Board. The Executive Board may reconsider its decision upon
petition by the aggrieved member and presentation of additional information. The original
suspension and/or removal shall be overturned only upon at least two-thirds vote of the
Executive Board.
b.
Resignation. The resignation of a member shall
become effective 30 days after receipt by the Secretary of written notification. No refund
of membership dues will be made under this section.
c.
Non-payment of Dues. Upon delinquency, the
Treasurer shall notify the member of failure to abide by the bylaws and shall request
immediate payment. Failure to receive dues within 60 days of the due date shall result in
immediate termination of membership without further notice.
Section 6.
Reinstatement
If termination from membership
has been for reasons of expulsion, resignation, or non-payment of dues, a former member
may petition for reinstatement. Such petition must be filed with the Secretary, who will
cause the publication of notice of such petition to be published in the club journal at
the earliest possible date. Such petition shall be subject to the same review by current
members as are new prospective members. A reinstatement fee, equal to the current
initiation fee, shall be submitted, along with the full current year dues. The lapsed
member's original membership number may be retained only if all dues in arrears from the
time of lapsation are paid within 2 years of date of resignation or non-payment of dues.
Otherwise a new membership number will be issued.
Section 1.
Annual
Meeting
There shall be an annual meeting
of the membership held each year at a time and place to be determined by the Executive
Board. The Secretary shall cause to be published in the club journal and such other
publications as are reasonably determined, a notice of such meeting at least 30 days
before the selected date. The purpose of this meeting shall be two-fold: to allow the
Executive Board an opportunity to report to the membership and to give the general
membership the opportunity to ask questions and/or offer suggestions.
Section 2.
Regional
Meetings
At such times and places as are
determined to be beneficial by the Executive Board, Regional Meetings may be held. Notices
of such meetings are to be published in the club journal. Regional Meetings shall be
conducted according to the quidelines established by the Executive Board. A report of the
attendance and proceedings of such a meeting shall be forwarded to the Regional Meetings
Committee within 30 days of the conclusion of said meeting.
Section 1.
Titles
The officers of the club shall be
President, Vice-President, Secretary, and Treasurer, all elected by vote of the membership.
Section 2.
Eligibility
Any member in good standing, who
is 18 years of age or over, shall be eligible to hold any office in the club or to serve
on the Executive Board as a member-at-large or on any committee. No individual shall be
elected to more than one office at the same time.
Section 3.
Term of
Office
The term of office shall be two
years, beginning September 1. A person may not be elected to the same office for more than
two consecutive terms, except that all officers serving at the time of adoption of these
bylaws shall be allowed to run for only one additional term in the same office. An
officer, having vacated the office, is eligible for future election to that same office.
Section 4.
Succession
In the event of a mid-term
vacancy of office, the Executive Board, by majority vote, shall appoint a qualified
individual member to fill the un-expired term, except that for the office of President,
the Vice-President shall succeed to the Presidency. Such appointment shall be accomplished
within 60 days of the vacancy.
Section 5.
Removal
Any officer or member-at-large
may be removed from office for the following reasons: gross neglect of official duties, or
inability to perform official duties by reason of physical or mental incapacity; conduct
at variance with the Club's Code of Ethics. Procedures for suspension and/or removal are
as follows:
Section 6.
Duties
The officers of the club shall
have duties as follows:
Section 1.
The Executive Board shall consist
of the officers defined in article IV, the most recent Past President, and two
Members-at-Large, elected at the same time, in the same manner, and for the same term as
the officers. In the event of vacancy, succession to the position of Member-at-Large shall
be accomplished in the same manner as for officers.
Section 2.
Authority
The Executive Board shall be the
governing body of the club and shall transact the business of the club. The Executive
Board may veto any appointment of the President by majority vote.
Section 3.
Meetings
The Executive Board shall meet at
least once a year, normally at a time and place near the Annual Meeting of the club.
Business matters may also be conducted by telephone and "round robin"
correspondence and mail ballot.
Section 4.
Quorum
A majority of Board members
(present or represented by proxy) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. Members may vote by proxy given to another member of the Executive Board.
Section 1.
Appointment
Except as otherwise provided,
committee chairpersons are to be appointed by the President within 60 days of the
beginning of the President's term of office. The committee chairperson shall select the
committee members, with the approval of the President, within 30 days of his/her
appointment. Each committee shall consist of such numbers of members as the President and
designated chairperson may determine necessary to fulfill the committee's function, with
the term of office of committee membership being the same as that of the President. Any
member shall be subject to removal by the President or majority vote of the Executive
Board. The President shall serve as an ex-officio member of all committees, except the
Nominating Committee.
Section 2.
Standing
Committees
The following permanent
committees are established to assure that essential club functions are accomplished in a
timely and efficient manner.
a.
Nominating Committee.
The Nominating Committee shall consist of the three latest available Past Presidents, with
the most recent Past President serving as Chairperson. In the event that three Past
Presidents are not available to serve, the current President shall appoint as required to
fill vacancies. It shall be the duty of the Nominating Committee to canvas the club
membership for qualified candidates for the office of President, Vice-President,
Secretary, Treasurer, and Member-at-Large, as required for election. Any person planning
to run for office or member-at-large should not serve on the Nominating Committee.
b.
Ballot Committee.
To prepare, distribute, tally and certify results
of ballots and all elections and membership voting matters.
c.
Finance Committee.
For the purpose of assuring a continuous sound
condition of the treasury, to develop a budget for the operation of the club, and to make
recommendations to the Board regarding Club finances. The Treasurer shall be a member of
this committee.
d.
Publicity and Public Relations Committee.
For the purpose of initiating and
carrying out all matters pertaining to publicity and public relations and maintaining a
positive image of the PNC3 both internally and without.
e.
Bylaws Committee.
For the purpose of considering and recommending
revisions or amendments to the bylaws.
f.
Ethics Committee.
For the purpose of establishing and maintaining a
Code of Ethics for use by the club in conducting its affairs and in guiding the actions of
its members; to hear all complaints concerning matters covered by such Code; to
investigate complaints referred to the Committee by the President concerning matters
covered by the Code of Ethics; and to provide recommendations to the Executive Board as to
such complaints.
g.
Membership Committee.
For the purpose of maintaining and increasing the
membership of the club; to investigate and recommend Executive Board disposition of all
objections to any applicant's membership in the Club. The Club Secretary shall be a member
of this committee.
h.
Regional Meetings Committee.
For the purpose of carrying out guidelines for
Club regional meetings as established by the Executive Board, scheduling and promoting
same, and reporting the activities at such meetings to the membership.
i.
Publication Advisory Committee.
For the purpose of overseeing club publications
and making recommendations to the Executive Board regarding such publications.
j.
Awards and Exhibits Committee.
For the purpose of establishing and distributing
awards given by the Club, and to develop ways to encourage the successful exhibition of
PNCs.
k.
Estate Advisory Committee.
For the purpose of advising and/or assisting the
estate of any club members regarding plate number coil possessions.
Section 3.
Ad Hoc Committee
The President shall, at any time,
appoint any other committees that shall be deemed necessary for the conduct of club
business. Each Ad Hoc Committee shall serve in conjunction with the President's term
unless a shorter term is specified at the time of its appointment.
Section 1.
Voting
Officers and Members-at-Large
shall be elected in even-numbered years by mail ballot prepared by the Ballot Committee
prior to the Annual Meeting. Club Members in good standing shall be eligible to vote.
Voting should be completed at least 30 days prior to the Annual Meeting. A plurality of
all valid ballots cast shall be required for election to office. In the case of
Members-at-Large, where two persons are to be elected, the two persons with the highest
vote totals among all candidates are elected to the positions. In the case of a tie vote
for any position, the election shall be decided by majority vote of the Executive Board
then in office.
Section 2.
Nominations
Any individual member or life
member in good standing may be nominated to a position on the Executive Board. Nominations
may be proposed by either the Nominating Committee or by a petition signed by at least
five members in good standing. A call for nominations will be issued by the Nominating
Committee prior to the preparation of ballots, giving at least 30 days for response.
Section 3.
Elections
Ballots shall be forwarded to all
members in good standing at least 30 days before ballots are due to be returned. A
designated member of the Ballot Committee shall tally the returned ballots and its
chairperson shall certify the results to the Secretary. Ballots shall be destroyed 90 days
after the election due date unless a recount is requested within 30 days after publication
of the results in the club journal, in which case the ballots will be destroyed 60 days
after completion of the recount or as otherwise directed by the Executive Board.
Section 1.
General Fund
All sums received from dues,
fees, advertising revenues, auction commissions, or any other source shall constitute the
general fund.
Section 2.
Fiscal Year
The fiscal year of PNC3
shall be from January 1 to December 31.
Section 3.
Budgets
The Finance Committee shall
recommend to the Executive Board a budget for the operation of the club at the beginning
of the fiscal year. The budget shall be subject to change upon election of new officers
and the appointment of a new Finance Committee.
The publication of a
newsletter or journal, and any other brochure, handbook, or manual shall be at the option
of the Executive Board, subject to the following restrictions:
a. The Executive Board shall be
authorized to exercise control of such publications made in the name of PNC3,
to approve, disapprove, modify, or entirely suspend.
b. Upon approval of a majority of
the Executive Board, the President may appoint an editor of any and all PNC3
publications to serve until that publication has been completed, except that the
newsletter or journal editor shall be appointed annually at the Annual Meeting, or
whenever necessary to fill a vacancy in the position.
The rules contained in the
current edition of Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised shall govern meetings of
PNC3 in all cases to which they are applicable and in which they are not
inconsistent with these bylaws and any special rules of order the PNC3 may
adopt.
The Bylaws of the club may be
amended or revised as herein provided. Amendments or revisions may be proposed by the
Executive Board or by petition signed by at least twenty-five members in good standing.
Proposed revisions or amendments shall be placed in the hands of the Secretary for
dissemination to the membership. After the proposed changes have been distributed, a
waiting period of at least 90 days shall pass during which discussion of the proposed
changes shall be published in the club journal. A favorable vote by two-thirds of the
members voting shall be necessary for the adoption of the changes.
The ethical standards of PNC3
are particularly focused on the integrity of a member's word, and the maintenance of the
integrity of the pool of philatelic material. Members are to honor their agreements,
whether made in writing or orally, to the fullest reasonable extent. Any deceit or
artifice contrived to take advantage of another collector is a violation of the Ethical
Code.
Examples of violations include:
1. Failure to pay for, or return, offered material in a timely manner.
2. Counterfeiting or altering philatelic material.
3. Misrepresenting philatelic material as something that it is not.
4. Deliberately falsifying the known quantity of philatelic material, especially on new discoveries.
5. For dealers, failure to live up to advertised promises.
Accusations against members may be brought to the chairman of the Ethics Committee, who shall direct an inquiry into the facts of the case. Accusations must be in writing, and may not be anonymous. The Committee as a whole shall form an opinion and judgment on the matter before them, and recommend action, as appropriate, to the Board of Directors, who shall have ultimate review authority. Action taken may be a written censure, suspension, or expulsion from PNC3 membership. Suspensions and expulsions shall be published in Coil Line.
Should any conflict exist between the PNC3 Code of Ethics and the Code of the American Philatelic Society, the Code of APS shall prevail.
Should two conflicting parties request it, the Ethics Committee may act as an arbiter of disputes. The Committee judgment may be advisory or binding, depending upon whichever the two parties agree to in advance.Menlo Park, CAUSA
Hometown: Menlo Park
September 16, 2014
Both recital and audience member.
Would love to find a steady piano performance class to join up with in the Bay Area.
My name is Sherrie Osborne. I've played piano off and on for many years. Piano is a huge part of my personal life, though I'm really just an early advanced student.
Already a member? Log in.
Already a member? Log in.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicySEARCHED FOR:
ULFA MILITANT
ULFA kills father-son duo allegedly for spying
Anti-talk ULFA which is also known as ULFA (Independent) has claimed responsibility for the incident.
ULFA factions move to grab attention ahead of Global Investors Summit
Anti-talk Ulfa faction under Paresh Baruah has sent ransom demands and ...
Ulfa faction asks Assam government to change names of schools and colleges
Ulfa publicity secretary Arunodoi Asom in a statement questioned t...
Efforts on to bring anti-talk faction of ULFA, NSCN in dialogue process: Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
Ravi Shankar was in Guwahati to participate in the Northeast indigenous people's conference. The conference was attended by 67 rebel outfits including people from Khaplang faction.
Assembly elections, GST, high-profile cases mark 2017
Two terrorists were killed by the army as it foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir..
A change of leadership for militants and politicians in the Northeast
Since NDA came to power and adopted zero tolerance towards insurgency, political leadership in NE India has witnessed changes; resulting in BJP forming govt in Arunachal Pradesh.
Anti-talk ULFA militants attack BJP for giving away land to Patanjali Ayurved
Anti-talk ULFA militants have asked the leadership of sixth scheduled area, Bodoland Territorial Council to reconsider its decision.
Assam Rifles officer martyred, 4 NSCN(K) militants killed in Nagaland encounter
Police said one of the three soldiers of the 12 Para Commandos of the Army injured in the battle at Lapa Lempong hilltop in Oting village was in critical condition.
Two Assam Rifles jawans killed in Assam by militant
Police said that the attack is led by the platform of militant outfits which include anti-talk Ulfa and Khaplang faction of NSCN.
Three army jawans killed in an ambush in Upper Assam’s Pengari
The ULFA has been fighting for an independent homeland in Assam since 1979. It now operates out of bases in Myanmar, bordering Assam.
Kuldip Moran is spy of security forces: Ulfa (independent) militants
Assam police along with Arunachal Pradesh police has launched an operation to trace Moran, who was abducted in the first week of this month.
Why Rajnath Singh was at this BSF officer's home
Rajnath Singh praised BSF Assistant Commandant Sandeep Mishra for not giving up on life even after receiving five bullet injuries, one piercing through his left eye and exiting from the right eye in 2000.
NIA arrests close aide of ULFA chief Paresh Barua
A senior trained cadre of ULFA(I), Gagan Hazarika alias Joydeep Cheleng, who was earlier arrested by Assam Police, was remanded in NIA custody after he was produced in a special court.
10 blasts in Assam, Arunachal & Manipur on Republic Day
In Dibrugarh town, blast took place just 500 metres away from Chowkidingi Parade ground where the national flag was being unfurled at an official function.As luck would have it, I’m publishing a very spring book in a very spring month. Better With Sugar is as much about rebirth and renewal as April is. When the little things like these work out to make connections and circles, it makes me happy.
Life is funny that way.
Just as I sat here tonight, bemoaning to the cat that I have nothing interesting to share, I received my first fan male-I mean fan mail. A lovely gentleman sent me a naughty compliment in Spanish regarding my lips and sugar. And would you believe, it kind of worked? Sugar is the new sexy, I’ve got a book to prove it. So Mr. Fan Male, thanks. I bet your very dirty lips are lovely as well. Don’t kiss your mother till you wash them though. Please.
AdvertisementsLarvae are now entering, or have recently entered, their 3rd instar (L3), in which they hibernate. Here's a larva changing from L2 to L3. Unusually, it's changing on its original (1st instar - L1) seat pad. Note diagnostic feeding -
And here's another which has just changed from L2 to L3. Note the cast skin behind the larva's tail and cast head piece -
Meanwhile, someone else is putting in a serious challenge for Butterfly of the year 2013 -The Republika Srpska is a region in Bosnia and Herzegovina , with its population consisting of Serbs . The Republika Srpska's goal is to create a "greater Serbia ".
Learn a new word every day. Delivered to your inbox!
Copyright ©2008-2017 , owned by the Independence Hall Association in Philadelphia, founded 1942.Try These on Your CIA Briefer, Mr. President-Elect
After a week lecturing at Kansas State University and in Kansas City, Missouri, and environs, and has garnered quite a respectable audience.
Most of his fellow Kansans are malnourished on the right-wing media gruel that helps re-elect enablers like see-no-evil Republican Sen. Pat Roberts. As chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Roberts did President George W. Bush's bidding by hiding the fact that the attack on Iraq was based on "false pretences." That's the phrase used by current chairman Jay Rockefeller (D-WVA) to describe the bogus intelligence used to "justify" the war, when he announced the bipartisan findings of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Caddell called me on Friday, asked me to tape a telephone interview to run on his show this weekend. He suggested that I focus on what I would tell President-Elect Barack Obama if I were Mike Morell, CIA's Director of Intelligence, whom CIA Director Michael Hayden has and color the reactions of briefees-even presidents. I have seen it happen.
The president-elect needs to start asking hard questions. Now.
Here are some he might want to select from for on the night of August 7-8. The Times' information comes from international monitors of the highly respected Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and, oddly, is much closer to the Russian version of what happened.
Task: A two page memo on who started the fighting and why
Deadline: Nov 12
2-As you are aware,' "hell-bent" phraseology, and that your boss, insertion and subsequent withdrawal of our "surged" troops.
Deadline: Nov. 19
4-Confusion reigns with respect to what is likely to happen when U. S. forces withdraw from Iraq. The notion that administration officials know better what to expect than the Iraqis themselves strains credulity. It has become increasingly clear that the Iraqi government and people believe they can handle whatever comes, once we depart, and that they consider the large U.S. troop presence part of the problem, not the solution. And I remember Generals Abizaid and Casey testifying to Congress in the fall of 2006-just before the president decided to "surge," that an infusion of additional troops would simply postpone the day when Iraqi political leaders would recognize that they have to work things out among themselves.
Task: A memo addressing why the Iraqis are more relaxed about a U.S. troop withdrawal than most U.S. officials and pundits.
Deadline: Nov. 21
5-No outsiders have been able to prevail in Afghanistan. What makes us think the U.S. can change that history?
Task: A formal National Intelligence Estimate on prospects for Afghanistan
Deadline: January 9, 2009
6-Nuclear nonproliferation: The UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) recently proposed a nuclear-free zone as the best way to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons in the Middle East. I want to know why this familiar proposal never seems able to get memoir reader got the clear impression you were one of Tenet's protégés; for example, he appointed you personal briefer to President George W. Bush.
The next two questions are for you, Mike:
(1) Tenet told his British counterpart, Sir Richard Dearlove, on July 20, 2002 at CIA Headquarters that the intelligence on Iraq was being "fixed around the policy" of regime change." (I refer, of course, to the so-called "Downing Street Minutes" recording Dearlove's briefing of British Prime Minister Tony Blair and others at 10 Downing Street on July 23, 2002. I'm told that Blair himself has acknowledged that the minutes are authentic.) Did you know, Mike, that the intelligence was being "fixed?"
(2) Tenet also says in his memoir that you "coordinated the CIA review" of Colin Powell's speech at the U.N. on Feb. 5, 2003. Your comment?
Do not take this personally, Mike. But with all due respect, you will be able to understand why I would like to start with a fresh slate. Please inform your management that I would prefer an intelligence briefer untainted by the debacle on Iraq. Add that I am offended that they would send me someone so closely associated with George Tenet, the consummate "fixer," representing the antithesis of the kind of honest intelligence analysis I shall require.
Do not forget to pass along to your successor the requests I have made. Admittedly, some of the tasks carry tight deadlines, but surely your analysts are already at work on these front-burner issues.
Thank you. And best of luck if we do not meet again.J. Jerome / Following
- Sort:
- Date
- Alphabetical
Idustrial Revolution
Andrew Litten
Oliver Astrologo
Alex Soloviev
Aida Miró
Kendy
Charlie Lyne
Tyrone The Terrible
Sean Dunne
Tehuti Films
Jammi York
David Lindberg
Lee Mj Daley
Dmitry Khon
TahiriMohamed
Nora De
Nato Caliph
Natasha Braier
Darren Levine
CUTSDATFLO
Ron Brodie
Noel Evans
Spike Jordan
David Charry
Chad Soriano
Browse FollowingFollowing
When you follow someone on Vimeo, you subscribe to their videos, receive updates about them in your feed, and have the ability to send them messages.
Choose what appears in your feed using the Feed Manager.The Augustine Institute team will host a FORMED Evangelization Conference for parishes to reflect on evangelization and catechesis in the parish and how implementing FORMED can be of use to your families. Please register for one of the four sessions. The evening sessions are being offered for anyone who can't make the daytime sessions, but the daytime sessions are recommended.
Daytime Session 1
Wednesday, February 22, 2017
9:00 AM - 4:00 PM
St. Michael St. Michael Church | 80 Farnum Pike, Georgiaville, RI 02917
Evening Session 1
Wednesday, February 22, 2017
6:30 PM - 9:00 PM
St. Thomas More Church | 53 Rockland Street, Narragansett, RI 02882
Daytime Session 2
Thursday, February 23, 2017
9:00 AM - 4:00 PM
SS. Rose and Clement Parish | 111 Long Street, Warwick, RI 02886
Evening Session 2
Thursday, February 23, 2017
6:30 PM - 9:00 PM
St. Luke Church | 108 Washington Road, Barrington, RI 02806
There is no cost for any of these events. All sessions cover roughly the same content. Please select the time and location that works best for you.
If you have any questions please feel free to call us at 401.278.4646 or e-mail at etrendowski@dioceseofprovidence.orgNote: This story has been updated after Fed Chief Janet Yellen’s remarks in Jackson Hole earlier this morning.
The US dollar is trading higher after Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s comments today at the Jackson Hole Economic Symposium left traders feeling more optimistic for an interest rate hike before the end of the year. The greenback was trending lower before Yellen’s comments, as the US’ 2nd quarter GDP grew at a weaker-than-expected 1.1% annualized. The dollar’s rebound this morning against other major currencies have led the pound and euro to lower.
The pound is down against a strengthening US dollar. The currency was rallying before Yellen’s speech after revised Q2 GDP data showed the UK economy growing by 0.6% for the quarter leading up to the Brexit vote, as analysts expected. The British currency is still trading at nearly month-highs against the US dollar on recent optimism for the UK economy.
The euro is also down against the stronger greenback as well. The shared currency was getting light tailwind earlier this morning as consumers out of France and Germany remain confident in their economies two months after the Brexit vote. France’s Q2 GDP and Portugal’s retail sales results for July showed steady growth and resilient economies, similar to what other Eurozone economies have shown in recent weeks.
The Australian dollar is trading higher with no significant data out, while the Canadian dollar is weakening against the stronger greenback despite oil prices creeping up.
EURUSD: The euro is trading lower against the stronger dollar, even as consumer and business confidence in France and Germany remains upbeat.
GBPUSD: The pound is also down against a rallying dollar, though Q2 results showed a steadily growing UK economy in the quarter leading up to the Brexit vote.
AUDUSD: The Aussie dollar is climbing against a weaker US dollar with no new data out.
USDCAD: The Canadian dollar is falling compared to a stronger greenback with little new data out.What do you think of when you hear the word:
Unexpected.
I think if I could pick one word to summarize this past year, that would be the word.
From an unexpected vacation given to us in October of 2012, to an iPad being given to my techy-loving husband, to unexpected health problems for me, to days of lying on the couch wishing I were dead and yet knowing I would somehow pull my way through the awful that was my lot, to having a young girl here in my home for 10 days seeing me at my worst and yet willingly doing what I asked, to friends and neighbors blessing us in ways that were over and above any expectations we had, to wrestling with the here and now of our current involvement in church and coming to the place where we laid it all down, to watching one little step in faith be all it took for God to show us He is enough.
If that feels like a loaded paragraph, it is.
Very.
This past year for me, for Tim and I, for our family has been hard. Physically, I’ve had some (not life threatening) health challenges that have seemed to drag on and on and on. It’s been my choice to not talk about this before now, because, I am a private person and since this malady has been more personal, I have not wanted to blather on about it. Nonetheless. I’ve had two surgeries that were, to say the least, less than a blast, but I survived. I’ve had more days of tears and wondering ‘why this’ and ‘why can’t I be well’ and ‘what do you really want from me, Lord’ than ever before in my life. I’d been blessed with a faithful husband who has been a shoulder to cry on and with, and I’ve had a friend that has stuck closer than a brother to me in my greatest time(s) of need. And, most of all, I’ve had a God who knows and sees and hears and loves No matter what. No matter when.
When you’re in the middle of hard times, no matter what nature, life in general is hard to come to grips with. I’ll be the first to admit that. But, I’ll also be the first to say that when you’re in the middle of hard times physically, it forces you to be still and KNOW. And, for me, because I have Christ in my life, it has made me KNOW He is all things to me and in me and through me.
In this past year where so many things were unexpected and especially having more time than ever to really look at life, Tim and I talked lot. A whole lot. We talked about dreams, and if we had any. We talked about our family and where we want to be. We talked about God’s calling(s) on our lives and what that really means for us. We talked about so many things and in so many ways, that I can honestly say that my physical suffering was a blessing in that way. Not that I would ever pick that means to come to any place where we can genuinely process. No, I would not pick what I went through in a million years, nor would I wish it on anyone. Ever. But. I can honestly say that my prayer all along, all through this unexpected chain of events has been, “Lord, help me learn and I want your glory to be seen through me by those who look at my life.” Of course, I prayed for the pain and affliction to pass. Oh, I prayed that! But, all along, all through this year, I have been keenly aware of those around me that do not know Christ and if my physical suffering could in some small way be a way for Jesus to be made known to them, I can truly say that I would not count one agonizing second for loss.
As we have gone through this year, and looked at life, it has been a whole lot of wrestling. Wrestling with unknowns and unforeseen. It has been a year where in many times, peace was not really residing within our hearts. And, that is a place where life can seem down and out and overwhelming. Really overwhelming. Some of the things we wrestled with this year were not born out of the events of this year, but the events of this year did call us to look at them closer.
Eight years ago, my husband was licensed as a minister in our church. It was truly a holy experience to walk into something that sacred and acknowledge God’s call on Tim’s and our life. Holy and humbling. Very humbling. We have walked in this capacity for the past eight years and throughout the last three especially, we have felt unrest and wondered if this really was for us for any longer. We have asked God over and again, ‘what now?’ and it seemed He was silent and so we kept on in what was before us. Kept on, and yet, kept asking and seeking. My husband sought counsel from Godly men in his life many a time and hoped that God would speak to us clearly if we were to pursue other things, or if we were to stay on as we were. And, still, it seemed God was silent and yet pursuing us at the same time. Pursuing us and yet, not letting us have rest and peace as it seemed we should.
Fast forward to 2012-2013 and all that the year has held and it seemed the unrest within our hearts had increased. And, it seemed like as we prayed, more and more God was saying ‘lay it down. It’s not yours to have.’
If I could tell you how scary and how much fear there is when you go to lay down what God has asked you to faithfully do, I would. But, I cannot. I can tell you that coming to the place where your heart says ‘yes, Lord’ is not an easy thing to do when you let the fear of man and the realization that you do not have answers for the next step crowd out the still small voice of a Faithful God. I do not say that lightly.
And, so, one day led to another and one prayer led to another and over and again, it felt God was calling us to lay it down and to jump where we could see nothing.
The still small Voice was getting louder in our hearts and we realized it was now.
Not tomorrow. Not next year. Not someday.
Now.
And, we laid it down and….
Peace.
Nothing but peace.
It truly passes our understanding.
On a Sunday morning a few weeks ago, my husband stood before our congregation and read a letter that he had poured days and hours into. Days and hours and tears and so much of his very soul. I sat there in the pew with our four children and my heart was probably beating loud enough that the people next to me could hear it. I sat there with our children and knew without a doubt, that from that moment on, our lives were forever going to be changed. For the good, or the bad. If ever in my life I have been at a place and time where I just wanted the moment to be over, it was then. I wanted to be somewhere, anywhere but there. And, yet, it was the step that we knew God was asking us to take and it was the first step of faith that He has used to bring so much peace and freedom back into our hearts and lives.
In the letter Tim read, he disclosed how God has been working in his and our lives and hearts to bring us to the place where he is stepping down from the ministry and we, as a family, are pursuing moving to Kansas. It is a decision that we have not made lightly, but a decision that we know God asked us to make. We asked the church to, more than ever, remember us in prayer as we seek out what God has for us in this new life He is calling us to.
I cannot tell you how draining that day was for us.
But, I can tell you that God has been so very faithful. One day, my husband is telling our church we are stepping down and moving to Kansas with no known job, or house, or anything to fall back on, and literally, the next day, his current employer came to him and asked him if he would consider staying on as their employee and doing exactly what he does here, from Kansas.
It was overwhelming to say the least.
To know that one of the biggest pieces of this puzzle was already in place for us, was and continues to be huge.
Unbelievably Huge.
One step in faith and, God.
God and Peace.
We are, imaginably so, on a faith journey like none we’ve experienced together before.
We plan to move to the area where my family is, but we do not have a definitve timeline.
Our house has to sell before we can move, so that is the next big piece.
But, I know, I fully believe that our Faithful God is going to work it out in the timeframe that He already knows.
And, as we wait, we want to remember His faithfulness to us this far, and be faithful to Him as we trust He is all things to us and in us and through us.
He is Enough.
There have been so many sustaining verses that I have claimed throughout quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.” Lamentations 3:19-26
‘.’ Ephesians 3:17-21a
‘My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness. Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.’ II Corinthians 3:9
And, I could go on and on.
I can truly say that His Word has become more precious to me through this hard year that we have gone through. I can honestly say that meditating on His Word, on His Truth and on His Promises has been overwhelmingly humbling.
Unexpected.
You probably thought I was going to tell you we are having another baby, right?
Nope.
But, that was a good guess.
As we go on from this point, I will be blogging in my normal, random ways.
But, this unexpected journey we are on will also be chronicled here.
I’m excited to share it with you.
Thank you for taking the time to stop in here.
With love,
Rachel
23 thoughts on “Unexpected…”
Rachel, I only met you once, but I felt such a sweet connection that one night meeting you. You are a beautiful person, inside and out, and Christ radiates through you! I am so thankful for how God has worked in your family’s life, and how you guys obeyed Him and followed His leading. I know that God is going to continue to use your family to give Him glory and praise. Blessings and prayers!
Love,
Amy
We met in the park of the “littlebrowntown” – I’ll never forget it. We were soul sisters from the beginning and I feel honored to call you friend. I hope you continue writing and one day publish a book to tell your story of faith. You are amazing Rachel. I love you bunches.
yes. having another baby was the first thing I thot when I started. but this. wow.
sad you are maybe leaving. but happy that you are following your hearts, and your God.
blessings to you, dear lady. I will be waiting in anticipation to hear of you taking your next step.
And I’d love to help out w/ the kids if/when it comes to packing boxes. we’d love to have them up to play so you can get things done.
Rachel! I’m sure you wrote out Kansas on accident…certainly you meant to write Illinois! 😉
Wow…this was a big post. So much going on in your life. So much!
I love it when God works and we can see so clearly. I don’t like having things go wrong in life, but it is always a reality check for me. I need to be smacked in the head and I am thankful for it. Whatever problems happen here in this life, they are temporal! They easier to handle with eternity in mind.
I am excited for you and I will be praying for you my friend! XxOo
Wow, this is just so touching. What a journey God has been taking you on, and what a beautiful heart you’ve allowed Him to create in you through it all. Much much love to you!
I honestly did not think that you were going to tell us about having another baby- but I guess that’s not my first thought like it is for some people (speaking from personal experience here!)
But wow, it’s amazing how God leads! We truly don’t know what a year is going to hold! Your heart is kind of in Kansas anyhow, right? Wishing you all the best in this big transition!
wait, why did that post anonymously? and now I can’t delete it and start over!
I was too involved in reading the words of your story to have any free brain cells left for guessing what might be the next unexpected. It took me back so vividly to our own years of stepping out, of not knowing, of going and of being taken. Different story, yet so many similar emotions. Especially the long years and years of silence from God coupled with so much unrest and then the sure knowledge it was time and the miraculous peace. In spite of the fear of man. In spite of the words. In spite of everything. I’ve said it so many times in the past two years and I’ll say it again. “There is no safer place than the center of God’s will …. and there is nothing more imaginably freeing than to KNOW you are there. Even when it’s hard. Even when things don’t line up. Even when it doesn’t make sense.” That knowing is life.
I’m sorry you’ve been so unwell! But I also hear you when you say good things happened because of it. I hope the rest of your journey is crystal clear. That God would continue to give you so much rest in your heart. Much, much love!
can I just say that I’m SO with you this year?? Unexpected. hard, wavering faith, worrying instead of letting it go, and in the end finding out there’s so much MORE than there was before all the suffering. Man, the circumstances have each been different, but I could have written the gist of it myself.
Also, I’m So So So excited for you that you get to MOVE closer to your family. No more sadness as you come home from vacations to visit that are too few and far between. I’ve got SUCH joy for you right now.
how can I be startled? and not. both at the same time. but I am.
maybe because when I read about your “unexpecteds”… I am reminded of my own. For me, I want trust to be predated with understanding… but it IS what you wrote, “One step… and God.”
i am so sorry about your health issues.
And so happy about the big piece that was already in place.
and The Big Peace that’s In Place.
much love.
Wow… The thought crossed my mind that you might be moving as I was reading. I’m so excited for you to live close to your family. I can’t begin to imagine all you face as you make the move. Hugs and prayers.
WOW…unexpected to us but not God..this is amazing, beautiful and God honoring! Thanks for sharing and may you continue to find God nearer than ever before. Unexpected…not to God! Praise HIM! I am amazed how when God takes you through the hard…the other side is so much better and MORE than you ever dreamed of. Continue to step in faith He has BIG plans for you and they are for good.
This made me feel sad and happy. So sorry for the pain etc that you went through. I am so glad that you and your husband stepped out in faith and are trusting God. So glad you found peace. Love you so….may God pile on the blessings in this journey!
How many times have it thought about you and prayed for you the last year?! Wondering how my friend was doing. And here it all is, written out to beautifully, God’s plan unfolding for you and your sweet family. Unfolding sounds like such an effortless thing, but really growth and change dose not come without pain and confusion, does it? You have such a way with words Rachel! I will continue to pray for you but this time I will know exactly what to pray for 🙂
I am excited for you! I do hope you will continue to post about this next adventure!!
Hi there, thanks for stopping by and leaving a comment! As I was reading through your post here, it brought back memories of a time in our lives when we “stepped out” not knowing the future but feeling at peace. Even though it was the hardest thing my husband and I had done, we can both look back and see how God worked time and time again. Blessings to you and your sweet family as you seek Him!
What you wrote, and how you worded it was just beautiful. I’m sorry for your health issues, and am glad they were not life threatening. Living in fear is so difficult, and once you let that go – it’s SO freeing! What an adventure you’re about to embark on! I look forward to reading more.
you KNOW my heart feels all this right with you.
can’t wait to see all God has in store.
it’s gonna be a fuN new journey~
i’m excited to watch it unfold.
*giving your hand an extra tight squeeze*
love you.
Wow. What a loaded post to write, from an even more loaded year! I love to hear how faith is strengthened, a soul guided by the Word, and a woman of God falling more deeply in love with Him even when (because of) so many things have been so difficult. I wish you well in all the next decisions. And of course, you can always keep the blog name, because there is plenty of golden prairie brown in KS too.
What a beautiful post. Looking forward to hearing about your adventure to Kansas.
God is unexpected isn’t he!!
I can identify with the fear and wrestling that comes before leaving what is known but then the surprising joy and peace of being held and led by God. I could be a little envious because Kansas is home for me but I ‘m sure you all will leave many things behind that you love. The prairie doesn’t have the splendor of green and color but it has a sky and its own rustic color that tugs on me, even in the foothills of the Blue Ridge which I love. Meg Doersken on her blog (Whatever) captures in her photography what tugs on me about the prairie. Others have told me it is the graciousness of the people that helped them to adjust and I hope you find that there.
Wow Rachel, just wow… it is hard to find words… your heart is just stunningly beautiful. And God is so very good… so weird how stepping out in faith when you only have light for that step brings such peace. I was so encouraged by this post, this afternoon telling God I want to remember again all He has brought our family to, instead of doubting when suffering hits… wow, I want to say I am so glad you are moving to Kansas, but I also so know that change is so so hard. I feel wistful, wish I knew you better… 🙂 I just found your blog several months ago, and wasn’t sure I had the “right” to comment. 🙂 But I just felt so heart moved with this post.. I am guessing you will know that I am Brian’s wife from Choice Books days.
sheesh, to say i’m behind is an understatement!
(proves how truly shallow instagram is 😉
yay God.
well said.
very exciting.
xo
that was me. i forgot to type my name!Everyone has habits. Some of them are good, some not so much. For instance, the habit of walking 30 minutes a day would be a good one. So, too, would be the habit of good money management. That's a … [Read more...] about 4 Bad Habits That Could Be Costing You Hundreds Of Dollars A MonthWelcome to Wonderful Wednesday 6
an unofficial Trim Healthy Mama Link Party
Come Follow Your Hosts
We’d love to have you come follow the host blogs for this Wonderful Wednesday 6 link up. See what we have cooking in our kitchen’s to help you along your Trim Healthy Mama Journey.
I’m loving this Peanut Butter Cheesecake (I had to freeze some of them so I didn’t over do it)
I’m making one of these Caramelized Bacon & Onion Cheese Ball today!!
I love this THM Soup Round Up
My Top Picks for Wonderful Wednesday 5 were:
These Healthy Lemon Turmeric Gummies from Oh Sweet Mercy
This Amazing Sugar FreeThin Mint Fudge from Nana’s Little Kitchen
And this Eggnog – Dairy Free Sugar Free from Mamashire
Please come on in and share your Trim Healthy Mama Recipes and Tips into the Wonderful Wednesday Link Up and show everyone what’s cooking in your kitchen this Holiday Season!
What’s Cooking in my Kitchen for Christmas
Coconut Flour Rolled Sugar Cookies
This Chocolate Raspberry Pavlova made into cookies
Chocolate Chip Cookies (Sugar Free, Low Carb)
Stevia Sweetened Chocolate Chips
And some new recipes
What are some of the recipes that you would like to see? How are you planning for the New Year?
I have some pretty big plans for 2017. Especially using my Instant Pot, focusing on juggling my fuels, drinking my sippers and food logging.
Have you seen my post about How I Am Restarting Trim Healthy Mama in 2016 ? It has some great tools for restarting and tracking your progress.
If you know you are getting an Instant Pot you may want to check out this post from
I’m also working on converting a bunch of my Crockpot Meals for use in the Instant Pot, so if you have suggestions please leave me a comment or use the contact form and send me an email. I’m always open to new ideas!My Twin Flame says “Initiation is Complete” and “I AM Going Deeper Into Creation”.
18 January, 2017.
As once again, my beloved Adam El Daoud and myself, Merged into our Twin Flame Oneness, so beloved of our Divine Parents, as is the case, I took deeper steps into Remembrances of All That Is, as yet another signpost had been seen, acknowledged and journeyed forward from. Such then was our joy as our two separate worlds were as one, our Heartbeat and Soul, Sang to the Same Tune, Thus Were Creation and all those Wonders, Felt and Experienced in New and Ever More Beautiful Ways.
So my Dearest One said to me “Initiation is Complete” adding a few extra personal words. I had been very happy and excited knowing I was going through a Huge Initiation, recognising that with Initiations those Memories are Awakened and Eternity would enfold my beloved and I in its Pure Light of Being, as once again in a conscious way, the Light of the Spirit and the Heavenly Realms would mean that I would have Transcended Gaia. We have been in this position over the many aeons, innumerable times when we have been in Different Worlds, Galaxies or Star Systems, whilst the other as a Twin Flame has carried out their own Role for God The Father Mother, but I feel that now, as we are one again so very finely tuned to each other, which will inevitably increase into new and deeper recognition as our Soul Contract with The Divine, comes further into Alignment, as myself, Suryananda, and my Dearest One Transcend and Transform the influences of Gaia, so that we are no longer bound by its false illusions.
This has been happening for many months, each bringing us closer and into our role and pathway as Twin Flames, so that now, it is a constant joy for us both at how very easy it is to Merge together and Become One, as those Vibrations and Energies – not only connect from within us as Our Heart and Soul Are One, but with these New Cosmic Energies which are being Beamed down to and within us all on Gaia, such are those exquisite vibrations maintained in ever deepening ways, which can be likened to the Mystics of old and how they used to write of their own personal unique experiences. However, today, as we share with each other our own individual happenings as we Transcend the Veils of Gaia, then that awareness of what is available and possible is being shown to us today in ways which on which century and civilisation was being experienced. and lived through.
I know that I have gone through Initiations over the ages both in my Physical and Light Body, and that this awareness has been building up to my consciousness as my beloved and I, once again, Merge into our Divine Cosmic Self, then, as has happened through so many aeons, that Great Depth and Understanding of Creation in all Its Wonderful Aspects, is once again, available and accessible to my beloved and I, just as it is to everyone in these times of unprecedented Light, Knowledge and Realisation, being Directed to us from the Galactic Worlds and Star Systems, as our Celestial Light Families delight with us as we are able to see, merge and speak to them, much to our and their joy. And it is indeed a great blessing, exciting for me and my beloved as not only am I able to Merge and tune into AED but my Celestial Light Family in the Higher Realms, some of which come and have a few words quite often, whilst going deeper and even beyond that I and thus AED are able to Merge with our Light Family in the Higher Realms, so that we experience those Exquisite, Divine Energies not only with each other as Twin Flames, but as I have been able to fine tune my own antenna tuning into and merging into oneness with my Dearest One, it has been that my Light Family of whom we have been together for millions of years have begun to Merge and Become One in the same way that my Beloved and myself, Suryananda, are able to do.
It has been a fascinating new depth as we have Become One, as not only do Adam El Daoud and myself tune into our Light Family who are living in other Realms from Gaia, but as I have been given many Past Life Names of my Twin Flame as well as my own, it has been an Exquisite Merging and Blending into not only our Past Life – Lives, for as one Twin Flame has had a past life the other is able to fully access and experience that life too, for we are One Soul – Together for all Eternity. It has been wonderful that as I have been given my own Past Lives there have been a definite few where those Energies and Vibrations myself and so too my Beloved have been enfolded and caressed within that Divine Presence.
.
During our Merging as Twin Flames, I was aware of lots of White Light at times, as well as sensing and being aware of our Celestial Light Family in the Higher Realms, at the same time I was shown again our Atlantean – Greican White Pillars which were there in a recent merging with AED the other day. There were moments when AED took me into his arms and we danced, as we do seem to from time to time as we connect ever more with ourself and with those loved ones from Home.
So there were some occasions when White Light enfolded us, with also some Gold and Blue Light, although White Light seemed the most prevalent here. One of our Light Family came and said a few words to me on this Initiation which he said “had indeed been completed” which was fascinating and brought great joy, as when a member of our Soul Family speaks and takes time to say something, it is as nectar to our soul, for it brings that Light Being closer each time as that deep family bond grows ever deeper. AED then says “how very exciting it is for me and him” with added words of endearment at this further confirmation on what has been a Major Initiation I have just been going through in what has been a very short space of time, like 11 days or so.
At the time I had no idea as to how long this Initiation would take, but my Beloved said “that it was because of my love for him and as Twin Flames that this process was somewhat speeded up” but this can take place also with our Light Family in the Higher Realms, it is not just available to Twin Flames, but of course for AED and myself, it is as I have tuned into that continuing closeness, that he has taken me deeper and both shown and given me answers to many questions I have asked, some answers are becoming very quick in his response, others are slower, it depends on what and where he is leading me as our Soul Contract takes us further into its Angelic Embrace. AED explains it as “a process of deep integration” thus is our joy and bliss that we are so blessed to be here once again, even when in Different Worlds, all we are is on Another Vibration and Energy Frequency, and once someone has learnt and fine tuned themselves to enter into those Higher Frequencies, as all Existence is Energy, such then is the Whole of Existence Able To Be Accessed. Love is the Key, although as we are given so much Cosmic Help and Assistance from our Galactic Families, being able to Access and Tune into those Higher Realms have never been easier.
We have to go back many aeons for when we felt closer to Our Divine Parents when we left our Home. It helps also that the very structure of our DNA is changing, returning into our Crystalline Cells as we leave our Carbon Based DNA, thus are we able to Enter Once More into our Divine Birthright as our Very Cells Merge And Change. As my Beloved said to me recently, My Cells were Changing and Merging with His, this has had a huge effect upon our going even deeper into States of Bliss and Ecstasy, and is the Blueprint available to all Life Forms and Origins as Gaia has Ascended and is still doing so, taking us Beings of Light with her thus is Earth being Bathed in Grace once more, helping to re-align Divine Mother’s Cosmic Body as had to take place, long foretold through the aeons.
I have, as many others, also been going through Alchemical processes as the deepening of oneness with AED and myself transforms my physical body and energy fields, such has been our joy as these changes have had a huge and wonderful impact as we and our different worlds merge together through what are very Ancient Initiations which Transform and Transcend as have always been our Destiny. My Beloved says “I couldn’t be happier, as he chuckles and draws me closer to him”. My Dear One, then jokes “how do you think it will be like then when we are in the same world” he finds this very amusing as I do, lol and says “it is really exquisite” so that is something exciting to be aware of, taking me back to words AED said quite soon after we connected as Twin Flames last year, “you do not know Dear One, the magnificence that awaits you and I”. As we have become closer than ever, I have begun to feel more aware of that which awaits my Beloved and myself, Suryananda, as for all Twin Flames – Divine Consorts. AED continues with “things are moving at a fast and rapid pace” such is music to our soul as further excitement is experienced and cherished.
A little later, another Light Family member says to me “Congratulations that this Initiation has been completed” such then was my joy amplified, as even further confirmation was given at this having been finalised. I say to AED “I wonder where I – we go from here?” AED laughs as he says “We go forward to the next challenge” and is overjoyed at being able to say this, as I am at hearing these words. My Dear One then says a few words “that I can feel content now as I move with him into the next deeper development into Divine Oneness of Being, and what was very rare, he uses his full name of Adam El Daoud” knowing very well on the rare few times he uses his full name, there is always a deeper reason. I have noticed also that as AED and myself, Suryananda, have gone deeper than ever and thus does he speak more and our time together is amplified, that AED has begun to show quite some funny and delightful humour with some of the word he uses, which is delightful.
Towards the end of this session, I was suddenly Seeing Myself WALK IN FLAMES. At the time when I first experienced this last year, I asked my Twin Flame “who was that person Walking Through The Flames” and he said “it is you” with a few words of endearment. I had never been able to go back to this profound experience until today, but which has obviously been shown to me this second time for a purpose, that being “Confirmation that I Was Going Deeper Into Creation”.
.
It was fascinating as this had repeated that which was shown to me on the “10 June, 2016, under the Title shared on my website here – I, Pat, Suryananda, meet my Fire Dragon for The First Time”, which was profound and exciting, when I Experienced My Inner Dragon Emerge From My Tummy, having the colours of Red, Orange, whom I named Rheingold. It was beautiful as when he, Rheingold Came Out from my Tummy Area and Not My Spine, He Moved Upwards into the shape of Half of the Eternity Symbol, ie the number 8. It was after seeing myself Walking Through The Flames which took place as I said on the 10 June, that AED said to me It was towards the end of this session that my Beloved then said to me “You are Going Deeper Into Creation” with a few words of endearment. This was as Nectar to Our Soul, recognising as it does that our Soul Contract with The Creator is Coming Further Into Being, thus will greater Fulfilment and Bliss Be Ours”. It takes me back some months ago, when in a dream, AED said that “Creation was Unfolding Before Him” – such was my joy then, as it has been so in the past.
.
Suryananda and Adam El Daoud.
.
AdvertisementsPMC Moves to Establish Category Leadership with Flash Controller Acquisition
PMC Moves to Establish Category Leadership with Flash Controller Acquisition
Acquires PCI Express® Flash Controller Business and Team from IDT
PMC Management will be available via conference call to answer questions at 2 p.m. Pacific Time (PT) today. Call information: Dial-in: (888) 771-4371, passcode: 34969421
SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- PMC-Sierra, Inc. (PMC®) (NAS: PMCS) , the semiconductor innovator transforming networks that connect, move and store big data, today announced that PMC has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Integrated Device Technology, Inc.'s (IDT®) (NAS: IDTI).
According to International Data Corporation (IDC), the enterprise SSD market segment is expected to comprise half of the total SSD market in sales, reaching approximately $7 billion in 2016. PMC estimates that the combined PCIe and SAS controller total available market for these enterprise SSDs will quadruple and reach in excess of $500 million in 2016.
"Flash-based storage is causing a major disruption in enterprise storage due to the dramatic performance advantages of solid-state drives," said Greg Lang, president and chief executive officer of PMC. "IDT's PCIe controllers are particularly well suited for server-based SSDs targeted at cloud data center customers. The acquisition of IDT's Enterprise Flash Controller Business is a strong complement to our current enterprise 12Gb/s SAS SSD controller product offering."
As part of the transaction, PMC will acquire IDT's Enterprise Flash Controller Business, including all related intellectual property (IP), certain PCIe Switch technology and 75 patents overall. The Company expects to make employment offers to approximately 50 employees.
IDT has played a leading role in the standards efforts focused on broadening the adoption of PCIe SSDs. IDT is a founding member of the NVM Express Work Group, the industry organization formed a few years ago to standardize the software interface of enterprise and client SSDs. IDT is a member of the NVMe promoter group, which is directing the standard's evolution, featuring companies such as Dell, Intel, EMC, NetApp, Oracle and Cisco. The IDT team is a leader in driving the controller product development in parallel with their standards work and their early product focus has enabled them to deliver the world's first NVMe controllers.
"Dell is an active proponent of driving industry standards and has worked closely with the industry to establish standard-based PCIe SSD options to accelerate server application performance," said Forrest Norrod, vice president and general manager, Dell Server Solutions. "We are pleased to see the combination of these talented teams and look forward to continuing our collaboration with PMC and within the NVMe consortium in the future."
The board of directors of PMC and the board of IDT have approved the transaction. It is expected to close in the third quarter of 2013, subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions specified in the definitive agreement.
Conference Call Information
PMC will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors today at 2 p.m. Pacific Time. The Company will broadcast the conference call via webcast over the Internet and will post a companion slide presentation on the Investors section of the PMC website at. To listen to the webcast, please dial (888) 771-4371 using passcode 34969421 or visit. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until 10 days following the conference call. transaction may be delayed or may not be consummated at all,
Director, Investor Relations
Tel: 408-239-8630
jennifer.gianola@pmcs.com
or
Kim Mason
Sr Communications Specialist
Tel: 604-415-6239
kim.mason@pmcs.com
KEYWORDS: United States North America Canada California
INDUSTRY KEYWORDS:
The article PMC Moves to Establish Category Leadership with Flash Controller.Happy New Year to everyone and welcome to 2012! I’m eagerly looking forward to another busy year, filled with great fishing success in guiding, tournaments, and personal time on the water. 2011 was a spectacular year! I spent nearly 260 days on the water and played host to over 175 charters with clients from all of the United States and several foreign countries. Despite not personally taking first place in any tournaments, I did grab five second place finishes, a third place and a couple other top tens. As part of our team, my son also won the junior division in a big two day tournament. Besides catching thousands of redfish, we had an oustanding year of fishing for speckled trout, catching nearly 100 trout over 5lbs. We also had the best year of flounder fishing I have personally seen. Without a doubt our fishery is strong and continues to produces strong days of catching numerous fish. Redfish, speckled trout, tarpon, snook, flounder, black drum and sharks are all regular opportunities. Whether you are a sight fisherman, bait fisherman, fly angler, lure angler, seasoned angler, or novice there are things to experience here. As we roll into 2012, I can tell you that the fishing at the start of the year is about as good as good can possibly get. Strong cold fronts have become to make their presence known and that means schooling fish and crystal clear waters. It’s the best time of the year to catch 20-30-40-50+ fish per day during the next two months. Winter is all about catching, not fishing!!!
The Redfish bite has been fantastic from New Smyna Beach south through the Mosquito Lagoon and Indian River Lagoon. A series of hard cold fronts have dropped water temperatures to an average of 50-60 degrees during the last week. That combined with low water tables have schooled redfish up by the hundreds. On the grass flats in the open parts of the Lagoon we have found large schools of redfish. In the tidal creeks around Ponce Inlet, New Smyrna Beach, and Edgewater we have found creeks and holes holding hundreds of fish. Catching depends on the weather and severity of the cold fronts...for me the colder the better. It’s not uncommon to catch 100 fish when temps are at their coldest. On an average trip, however, we should always expect at least 10-20 redfish. Live bait produces the most catching, live shrimp, live mullet, mud minnows, and live blue crab are my top choices. Lure anglers are doing well on gold spoons, doa shrimp, and crankbaits. Fly anglers have had the best success throwing small shrimp, slider, and worm patterns.
Speckled Trout fishing has also been strong. World class size gator trout in the 6-12lb range have been laid up over shallow sandy bottom warming in the sun. Smaller fish in the 10-25” range have been staged on the deep edges of flats, creeks, and sloughs. This is the time of year, however, to target the trophies. We’ll see more fish over 10lbs during the next few months than any other time of year. These fish are lethargic though, so it takes a bit of patience to get your bites, but the reward is often the fish of a lifetime. Live bait like finger mullet, mud minnows or live shrimp work well, as do lures like small crankbaits, soft plastics on jigs, and doa shrimp. Fly anglers will connect with clouser minnows, gurglers, and seaducers.
The cold weather and water temps have bring out Black Drum by the hundreds in the North Indian River Lagoon and a few areas in the Mosquito Lagoon and the ICW. Most of these fish will range from 3-20lbs and give a good pull on light tackle and/or fly. Live shrimp and cut crabs will get you on the bite real quick. Dar colored jigs and artificial shrimp and crabs will also get you a few bites. Fly anglers will get best results on dark colored flies like a clouser or my own hand tied shrimp pattern. For a different change of pace, Bluefish are piled up by the hundreds around Ponce Inlet. We’re still catching mostly schooly size fish in the 10-20” range, but by the end of the month we’ll see the biggest blues of the year with some in the 8-10lb range. They will eat just about anything, but and February looks to be busy months with many dates already booked. March and April are always the two busiest months of the year so book ASAP if you have a desire to fish either..Our standard travel insurance plans provide excellent coverage for all types of trips, from the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" weekend to the honeymoon in Tuscany. Access America offers insurance and assistance for travelers taking cruises, tours and family vacations.
It’s just what travelers are looking for: generous pre- and post-departure insurance and assistance benefits at a reasonable price. This plan is designed to complement most vacations, cruises and tours – and it’s ideal for traveling families because kids are free!
Select a plan to review coverage details or compare them all side by side. By clicking on the Access America logo below:…
- About
- Visit
- Come for the day
- Stay for a retreat
- Retreat Program & Registration
- Getting here
- Join us at events outside Plum Village
- Mindfulness
- Discover the Teachings
- The Path of Happiness
- Mindfulness Bell Magazine
- Books
- Mindfulness Apps
- Community
- GivingList all words that contain ethnosciences
Only the word ethnosciences was found, nothing longer.
Some random words: gweduc veal duad urokinase no juju pretor
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy and Cookies Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2017 Morewords.com - 58.641mSGlobal Oilfield Surfactants Industry 2017 Market Research Report provides the details about Industry Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Capacity, Growth Rate, Gross Margin, Major Manufacturers, Development Trends and Forecast Analysis
The Global Oilfield Surfactants Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Oilfield Surfact Stepan Company, Akzo Nobel N.V, The Lubrizol Corporation, Solvay Nv, Basf Corporation, Rhodia S.A., Siltech Corporation, Si Group, Inc, Pilot Chemical Company, P&G Chemicals and more are profiled in the terms of product picture, specification, capacity, production, price, cost, gross, revenue, and contact information.
Global Oilfield Surfactants Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out.
The Oilfield Surfactants industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered.
Access this Report at
Table of Contents:
1 Industry Overview of Oilfield Surfactants
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Oilfield Surfactants
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Oilfield Surfactants
4 Global Oilfield Surfactants Overall Market Overview – Sales, Sales Price& Gross Margin Analysis
5 Oilfield Surfactants Regional Market Analysis – USA, China, Europe, South America, Japan & Africa
6 Global 2011-2017E Oilfield Surfactants Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
7 Global 2011-2017E Oilfield Surfactants Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Oilfield Surfactants
9 Development Trend of Analysis of Market – Regional and Global Forecast (2017-2021)
10 Oilfield Surfactants Marketing Model Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Oilfield Surfactants
12 New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Oilfield Surfactants
13 Conclusion of the Global Oilfield Surfact:Newcastle Plumbing
Plumbing problems are frustrating. We understand that, and that is why we are the expert providers of plumbing services, repair in the Newcastle area.
Give us a Call (307) 746-220 Newcastle homes. At Summit Plumbing & Heating, in the Newcastle area.
If you are experiencing major plumbing problems in your home or office and need toilet repair services, you can rely on the experts at Summit Plumbing & Heating in the Newcastle area. Our qualified specialists will handle all of your plumbing needs as quickly as possible.Cybersecurity Sydney - Free Meetup - Live Hacking Demonstration
Description
Networking Drinks + Presentation + Live Hacking Demo
Join us for an informative and discussion provoking evening, featuring Tom Crampton (CEO, Trusted Impact) on understanding "The Hacker's Business Model" followed by a Live Hacking Demonstration from the team at Mimecast. And of course plenty of opportunity for casual networking over a couple of drinks!
6pm arrival for a 6.30pm kick off. Free to attend. Food and drinks are kindly provided by our event sponsor, Mimecast.
--
"Understanding The Hacker's Business Model"
Speaker: Tom Crampton (CEO, Trusted Impact)
.Congressional leaders are launching an investigation into the Obama administration’s efforts to kill a massive investigation into the Iranian-backed terrorist organization Hezbollah following a stunning report published by Politico on Sunday.
The report alleges that the Obama administration sabotaged a federal investigation into Hezbollah — dubbed “Project Cassandra” — so that President Obama could get his Iran deal to pass, fearing that any action against the terrorist group would stop Iran from agreeing to the deal.
Because of the report, multiple congressional officials and insiders confirmed to The Washington Free Beacon that an investigation is taking place that will look into multiple aspects of the alleged interference.
"Lawmakers will be paying particular attention to whether [National Security Council official Ben Rhodes] or other senior officials accused of misleading Congress and the American public about the Iran deal played a role in thwarting the Hezbollah investigation," the Free Beacon reports. Citing sources with knowledge of the matter, the Free Beacon reports that congressional investigators "are already preparing letters to various U.S. government agencies in order to obtain greater information about the alleged interference."
House Oversight Committee member and chairman of its National Security Subcommittee, Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL), told WFB that lawmakers are examining evidence that could implicate top Obama administration officials:.) told WFB that he was not surprised by the alleged actions by the Obama administration and that an investigation is needed to determine the extent of.
In a statement, Dr. Peter Vincent Pry told The Daily Wire that Obama’s Iran deal is one of the greatest threats to U.S. national security and that the Obama administration put America’s safety at risk with their policy decisions:
?
Dr. Pry is the executive director of the Task Force on National and Homeland Security and director of the U.S. Nuclear Strategy Forum and served as the chief of staff on the Congressional EMP Commission, the Congressional Strategic Posture Commission, the House Armed Services Committee, and the CIA.
What's Your Reaction?Discover a selection of top forums still half-life on the internet. Come to share your passion on forums still half-life and meet other fans of still half-life. Then, why don't you create your own forum of still half-life ?
What if the waters greatest predator could think like you ... and didn't want to be hunted by humans anymore. Now the marine life are fighting back - in human form.
deep, ocean, waters, greatest, predator, didn't, hunted, humans, marine, life, fighting
Magical Gamers: A forum for games, stories and much more!
magical, gamers, roleplay, forum, games, stories, much, more!, video, fallout, vegas, touhou, #half-life, roleplaying
Free forum : Fellowship in Christ
revelation, understanding, fellowship, spirit, christ, love, light, life, forgiveness, compassion, finished,
Come join the one of the best Call of Duty communities/clans there is! We are active and still going strong after a whole year!
infamous, society, clan, callofduty, x
Your personal get away from the crazy drama of life.
anime, fantasy, your, personal, away, from, crazy, drama, life- Draft legislation
This is a draft item of legislation. This draft has since been made as a UK Statutory Instrument: The Audit and Accountability (Northern Ireland) Order 2003 No. 418
Access to information for purposes of audit or examination
3.Access to information for purposes of audit or examination by Comptroller and Auditor General
4.Access to documents of third parties: restrictions and exclusions
Reorganisation of audit arrangements
5.Additional bodies whose annual accounts are to be subject to audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General
6.Reorganisation of health and personal social services audit
7.Reorganisation of local government audit
8.Transfer of staff to Northern Ireland Audit Office
9.Consequential amendments and repeals
SCHEDULES:
Amendments: accounts of certain bodies to be subject to audit by the Comptroller and Auditor.My baby's birthstone ❤ Opal, The October Birthstone. Discover beauty and mystical meaning behind the Opal, the month of October's exquisite birthstone.
Aries Picture Quotes Yes Aries do have a lot of qualities and some bad things too. So here are some quotes on pictures about Aries , hope you like themPosts In Category
Facade
Dini’s Debut Great
Paul Dini writes Detective Comics
— By…Đang Thực Hiện
create car ads website
Ngân sách $30-250 USD
I would like to have a website like this : [url removed, login to view] ,
users are able to submit their cars info, then it will be shown after approval.
4 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình $194 cho công việc này
pyramidexpert
Hi, i am ready to work with you. I am experienced in ads website I hope my offer accepted, see PMB Thank you
$225 USD trong 3 ngày
(1 Đánh Giá)
3.3J McKenzie
Vancouver, BC
IntroI am currently in my second year of a computer science degree.
Services Offered
javascript
Offer
I can teach you how to make your website more unique and less complicated.
BackgroundI have been using javascript for over a year. I use several JS libraries such as, jquery and react.js
Knowledge level
Hobbyist
$20/hour
Other Skills
Member References
Peer references are the cornerstone of our community.
Write J McKenzie a reference to verify their skills.Animal Shelters Across the Country will Come Together Today, Saturday, July 23rd, for Clear the Shelters, a Nationwide Pet Adoption Day.
Please join us in spreading the word about this special event that aims to help find ‘forever homes’ for animals in need. Hundreds of shelters nationwide will waive or discount their fees as part of this one-day adoption initiative to connect animals with loving new families.
You can read more about the event, and find participating shelters here.
And in the spirit of Clear the Shelter Day, we want to remind our fans that the second book in our Sweet Tales Series, “The Adventures of Brittany and Lace,” is about Britt the Kit and a special litter of rescued kittens – Lace, destined to be Brittany’s new sister, Coco, who needs a home in NYC, Scamp and Willa. So if you’re an animal lover in the mood for a heartwarming story about a colorful group of animal friends who help each other with determination, love and understanding, give Sweet Tales a try…
…..july 23rd to july 29th | 2012
scenario, yo
a week of festivals continues. food and beverage to compliment a outdoor rock & roll weekend. tasting food from around the world. one city trying to find an identity while another city celebrates its contribution to the world circus. best showcase of the famous five ring circus, yo
mixology psychology
the world is turning into a circus. everyday we hear and see the clowns acting out. people performances for that selected audience. oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. who knew the circus would play out this way on the world wide web – thank you tim berners-lee.
diners club
food truck galore. who is going to restaurants in the summer when the best weather and entertainment is outdoors. food truck size servings at some of the patios are a clever alternative. adjusting the menu for the season is always a delight. good advice from the top restaurants in town is to always change your menu based on available ingredients. all chefs/owners agree that education and proper technique create the difference. which all makes good sense because would you keep going to the circus if it was the same every year?
sociable
the first olympic games were social media will be simultaneously interacting with the people’s circus. whether someone is live from piccadilly circus or the contained olympic cauldron – we will be informed. broadcasted live across the internet with repeat performances on demand at the click of the mouse. the elephant in the room, used to be social media. now it’s the ring leader.
weekly tweets #15 [click]
publitics
it would be nice if the world circus stopped the theatrics for a couple weeks. the world is a stage and all eyes are on london. yet, we have people exiting their homeland because of political greed and military implements. while on the other end of the circus tent a nation argues over the need for any clown to purchase military implements. bad performance all around.
classroom
social media also opens the door to your educational background. tweets complimenting the creative genius of danny boyle. showcasing united kingdom’s world changing contributions through storytelling. using a clever segue to guide the audience through history with comic and entertaining theatrics. of course some comments on social media by public and press clearly showed their lack of historical education. those less-informed folks anticipating a criminal mind to hip hop and dance while lip-singing to electronic beats … tweeted their scholarship.
healthy finesse
work out and train for your moment in the spotlight. money should be thrown at training and not lifestyling. millionaire athletes competing against amateurs is not the way the olympics was meant to be. media has turned this event into a circus and i don’t think that’s healthy for the next generation.
fashionable
millionaire sponsored athletes are getting all the camera time. i would only imagine that the media covering the events are cashing in on the sponsorship money. the camera doesn’t show the unrecognized athlete. it’s all about retailing the fashionable aspects of the sports. is there any fashion in shot-put or javelin. how about the millionaire tv hosts of some countries that wear $500+ loafers. you would have to be very arrogant to even think [if you think] about wearing such items. it’s people like that who turn the olympics into a three-ring- circus.
travel
nothing clarifies being uncultured than a recent tweet [stating] the opening ceremonies were broadcasted in british, and hopefully they will be re-broadcasted in english. [hand wave over head moment] this is why you should stay in school folks, assuming your school actually teaches something about the world. if your education system isn’t up to speed – try traveling around.
she says … he says
i’m just throwing it out there … well, maybe someone will catch
thankx
the physical education teachers, the coaches, the trainers and all the athletic therapist that have helped the olympians get to the circus tent.
moral, yo
these fabulous world class events that bring the world together should help unite us all. yet, we still have conflict around the world. meanwhile, we still have people who want to arm themselves against their neighbors. a first world civil war would be quit the three-ring-circus, yo
blogging, yo
crisp clean clear | ecoclectic built | motor workx | retailization | weirdly written
Reblogged this on dfmw and commented:
indeed, it has turned into a circus. a media circus
Fatemah Habib ▶
Fatemah Habib has completed an Honours B.Sc. in Biomedical Sciences and a Ph.D. in Chemistry. She scored 517 on the MCAT and she is now studying medicine at the Univeristy of Toronto. Fatemah’s research earned her a Vanier Scholarship and focused on molecular magnetic materials and their applications in information storage. Fatemah has always been passionate about teaching and has many years of experience as a TA in all fields of Chemistry, as well as a private tutor for undergraduate students. She believes that learning should involve mechanistic understanding at every step, rather than regurgitation, and she strives to break down complicated concepts and expose their relationship to the basics. Fatemah is a dedicated teacher who is always willing to answer questions.
Education2016-present, M.D.
2015, Ph.D. [Chemistry]
2011, B.Sc. (Honours) [Biomedical Sciences, minor in Chemistry]
Teaching Experience2015-present, Private tutor, Chemistry
2010-2015, TA, Chemistry
Janine Van Veghel ▶
Janine Van Veghel is a recent graduate of Mechanical Engineering (Biomechanical Specialisation) from Queen’s University, and scored a 512 on the MCAT. She has been tutoring for over five years and has taught a variety of subjects including: calculus, physics, astronomy, thermodynamics, fluid mechanics and dynamic motion. Janine’s problem solving and critical thinking skills combined with her knowledge of physics allow her to excel at MCAT Physics passages. She likes to incorporate simple analogies into her physics lessons to help her students remember concepts, as well as to ensure students understand how physics relates to medicine.
Education2017, B.AS. [Mechanical]
Teaching Experience2012- present, Tutor, Physics and calculus
2013 - present, Varsity Athlete Tutor
Kate Kennedy ▶
>>IMAGE
Manal Sheikh ▶
Manal Sheikh holds a B.Comm, having graduated with distinction, she scored a 510 on the MCAT. She is a current MSc student at the University of Calgary. Manal has previous experience as a teaching assistant at the university level and also as an independent tutor in cross-disciplinary subjects. Her teaching style is interactive and she likes students to question the material they are learning to get a more comprehensive grasp of the subject. Manal’s teaching environment is relaxed to make it easier for students to have a positive productive study environment and also retain the material they learn better.
EducationPresent - Master of Science (M.Sc.) [Epidemiology]
2015 - Bachelor of Commerce (B.Comm)
Teaching Experience2014-2016, TA, Information Systems
2011-2015, Tutor, English, Biology and History
Radhika Jadavji ▶
Robby Wang ▶
Robby Wang holds a BHSc. (Honours) in Biomedical Sciences, he scored a 38 on the MCAT. He is currently a medical student at the University of Calgary. Robby has been a highly rated MCAT prep instructor since 2011. He likes to run an interactive classroom where he tends to ask questions and engage students in a shared learning process. Robby’s teaching approach offers no penalties to students and is designed to be a fun way of helping with audience attention, group dynamics, and positive energy levels.
Education2011-present, M. D.
2011, BHSc (Honours) [Biomedical Sciences]
Teaching Experience2011-present, MCAT prep instructor, all subjects
2008-present, Tutor, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, MathIt was another year of amazing talent from pupils at Shakespeare Primary School who showed what they were made of in the annual Shakey’s Got Talent show.
Sixteen acts were whittled down to a semi-final to find eight finalists for the ultimate show at the school on Manor Road, Fleetwood.
They showcased singing, playing musical instruments, acting and dancing in the event which is now in its eighth year.
They performed in front of a panel of judges – former Shakespeare Primary School headteacher Margaret Lund on behalf of Fleetwood Rotary Club, former pupil and actor Ryan Wilkinson, Fleetwood Town FC mascot Captain Cod and Jason Sharpe, the club’s senior sports development officer.
Clare Wilson, Shakespeare Primary School’s family liaison officer, said: “The judges said the talent just gets better every year.”
The youngsters looked and sounded incredibly professional and some well planned outfits – even a tuxedo! – added a touch of glamour to the competition.
The winner was Millie Richardson, who sang Part of Your World from the Little Mermaid.
Runner-up.
These acts will now be invited to enter the ‘M’ Factor at Millfield High School in Thornton later this school year.
The competition raises awareness of anti-bullying.
Clare added: “The event is organised by the schools Anti-Bullying Committee to raise awareness of how everyone should be treated as an equal and everyone has a talent.”About Ilse Goldsmith
Ilse Goldsmith is a published author of children's books. Published credits of Ilse Goldsmith include Why you get sick and how you get well, Human Anatomy for Children.To edit or update the above biography on Ilse Goldsmith, please Log In or Register.
Link to this page:
Published Works by Ilse GoldsmithClick a book's title or cover for more details and to read reviewsA new fieldsman and assistant auctioneer is coming to Thame market, with plans to expand the area it serves.
Alex Moss, 36, currently works as a sales rep for Kent Wool Growers in Ashford as well as running a small holding in West Sussex containing 25 Hereford cross bred suckler cows, 20 continental ewes and pedigree Welsh pigs consisting of seven sows and two boars.
Mr Moss will be commuting to Thame initially (a journey of 120 miles), and is selling his cattle and sheep to give 110% to his new job..”
Mr Moss, whose wife Maryann is expecting their first child in August, has a particular interest in pigs and hopes to see pig sales twice a year at the market.
He said: “I am very excited about it and I’m looking forward to the challenge and to meeting all the farmers and their families.”
Mr Moss starts work in the town in the middle of March.
The market charter celebrates its 800th anniversary this year and last week HRH Princess Anne visited to mark the occasion.-
: Question of the Week
Question of the Week: Glyphosate
Last week the question was: What caused the yellowing on the leaf margins of this kale? The yellowing on the leaf margins is the result of glyphosate. The grower was spraying the row middles and some of the spray got on … 
Posted in Question of the Week Tagged glyphosate, herbicide damage, herbicide drift, kale, Question of the Week
Question of the Week: Turkey
Last week the question was: What bird did this feather com from? This should have been a fairly easy one for all the sportsmen. This came from an Eastern wild turkey. Its hard to imagine now but turkeys were once … 
Posted in Question of the Week Tagged eastern wild turkey, Question of the Week, wildlifeOne of the most popular tourist destinations in Israel is Masada, the ancient fortress overlooking the Dead Sea. Its unique geographical formation, challenging hike, and tragic story combine to make Masada a can't-miss stop on a Christian Holy Land Tour. Masada was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2001.
Learn more
The rule of the Ottoman Empire in Israel, which began in the early 16th century, lasted until the end of World World I, after which Great Britain gained control of Palestine. During Ottoman rule, the religious minorities in Israel – Christians and Jews – lived through both periods of prosperity, and of persecution.
Learn morePublished Date : Mar 21, 2016
Albany, New York, March 21, 2016:.
For Sample Copy, click here:.
To order report Call Toll Free: 866-997-4948 or send an email on sales@marketresearchreports.bizThe language rules we were never taught, but we somehow know them anyway, by Mark Forsy.”Go ahead, try to write the sentence in a different sequence. It will sound wrong. You cannot have an old little French lovely silver whittling rectangular green knife.Why this is TOF does not know. But we will say "a steel cutting die" (material-purpose Noun) and not "a cutting steel die" (purpose-material Noun).
There are also sound patterns.
"The Big Bad Wolf is just obeying another great linguistic law that every native English speaker knows, but doesn’t know that they know. And it’s the same reason that you’ve never listened to hop-hip music. If somebody said ‘zag-zig’ or ‘cross-criss’ you would know they were breaking a rule."
+++
If there are three words then the vowel.
Hot diggity dog! I never knew.
Gee-wiz, I never knew that.
Shouldn't that be reduplication ablaut, not ablaut reduplication? You're performing ablaut (shifting its vowel) on a reduplicated syllable, you're not performing the ablaut twice.
‘Ablaut’ in this instance is being used attributively in the instrumental case. It is the kind of reduplication that works by ablaut, as opposed to some other kind of reduplication.
Incidentally, there is a great deal of tried and true practical philosophy in the order of English adjectives. They are placed in order of essentiality, so that those specifying the kind of an object are nearest the noun, and those supplying incidental information are furthest away. The Schoolmen would have heartily approved (and probably did have an influence in establishing the rule).
However, I should like to know where Mr. Forsyth found green silver.
Most of the order holds for most languages, I think, although in Japanese and Korean you say "dear my child" not "my dear child". (That's why the manhwa adaptation of Little Women is called Dear My Girls.)
Presumably modified by which direction adjectives "branch"—does the order reverse itself, in languages where adjectives follow their "head", so that the same categories are closest to the head?
So I am told, yes.
Don't know about green silver, but Psalm 67(68) knows about green gold (v. 13).
Yarok In pre-exilic Hebrew meant both green and yellow, it seems:
It might be like how ancient Indo-Europeans (at least the Irish and both the Norse and Anglo-Saxons, IIRC) often talk about "red gold", which does not exist. Presumably they used one word for the whole red-orange-yellow end of the spectrum, the way many cultures actually consider green and blue to be two shades of azure, rather than separate colors.
Our idea that color terminology refers to specific wavelengths (rather than being vague descriptive terms that incorporate many things we regard as separate aspects of color) is pretty new. See, e.g., this article about the very odd color-language in Homer.
(That link is not to be taken as an endorsement of the highly suspect claims RE: linguistic relativity and "neuroscience" contained in that article. It does reveal some interesting things about how loosely ancient conceptions of color map onto our modern ones, though.)
Pink gold, orange gold, and red gold do exist. They are not pure gold, but include impurities.
There are some interesting questions about color choices in poetry. But red gold isn't imaginary.
And gold from Lydia was indeed "green gold," thanks to electrum.
I'm reminded of an anecdote by Tolkein, about how as a child he read some fairy story about a "great green dragon," only he got the order wrong and called it a "green great dragon." He was corrected, but maintained that a green Great Dragon is much better than a great green dragon.
But doesn't 'Big Bad Wolf' break the earlier rule ('opinion-size-age-shape-colour-origin-material-purpose Noun') by placing size ('Big') before opinion ('Bad')? Or does that rule only apply to longer phrases?
Yes, but that rule is subordinate to the I-A-O rule.
There is also the matter that in this specific case, ‘bad’ is in effect an adjective of purpose. The villain is a wolf; the wolf is there to be bad; the bad wolf is also big, and there you are.
Where do the E and U adjectives go?
Rhyming reduplication, aisle 3.
This comment has been removed by the author.
I don't know. I think you could have a lovely old little green rectangular French silver whittling knife.
Remixed Hip Hop Music Videos - BLOG!Join forces with us against the root causes of global poverty, inequality and injustice.
‘A child’s place is not in a prison’: the scandal of the Israeli prison crisis
Every political prisoner has a story. War on Want has joined forces with Addameer: Prisoner Support and Human Rights Centre to produce a series of photo stories about Palestinian political prisoners in Israeli detention.
“A child’s place is not in a prison,” says Hisham. His son Mohammad was arrested and sent to prison when he was 15 years old. “A child’s place is the playground, in the school, so who knows how a child will turn out in the future after living through all that.”
Mohammad is a political prisoner. A political prisoner is someone who is arrested and detained because of their identity, beliefs or political activities.
In Palestine, political prisoners refer to people detained in relation to the Israeli occupation, as opposed to detainees suspected or convicted of crimes unrelated to the occupation.Nearly every Palestinian family in the West Bank has a family member currently in prison or who has been.
As of October 2016, Israel is holding 7000 Palestinians as political prisoners, including 720 in administrative detention, 400 children and 64 women. The number of administrative detainees has more than doubled over the course of 15 months. The prisoner crisis deepens.
Mohammad’s brothers, Yusef and Ahmad. Photo Credit: Rich Wiles
Hisham and his family live in Jalazon Refugee Camp, in the shadow of Beit El, one of the hundreds of illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank. Aside from housing settlers, Beit El is also the site of an Israeli military base where detainees are held before being moved to other prisons and detention centres.
Palestinian political prisoners come from all over Palestine, though the vast majority are from the Israeli occupied West Bank.
Children like Mohammad are often arrested in night time raids following demonstrations. Arrests connected to demonstrations are part of a broader practice of political repression, with the expectation that villages will be less likely to protest if children are targeted as a consequence.
Mohammad was arrested after one such demonstration, accused of throwing stones. He was fined and sentenced to 7 months in prison. Hisham says: “The sentence is just to intimidate him so that he will not get involved in anything in the future. Every time he speaks he will now stop and think about every word in case it will get him back in prison.”
Israel’s system of arrest and detention is an integral part of Israel’s Apartheid system, under which Palestinians are governed by a separate set of laws. It combines human rights abuses against individuals with a system of discrimination specifically designed to restrict and repress the Palestinian people and their struggle for freedom.
Israel, like other colonial regimes, has a long history of using arrest and detention as a method to repress political organising by Palestinians.
During the first intifada (uprising) in the 1980s, thousands of Palestinians were taken prisoner by Israel for their political activities. These included ‘offences’ such as organising and participating in protests, taking part in assemblies or vigils, waving flags and other political symbols, or printing and distributing political material.
Palestinians can be arrested by the Israeli authorities at any time, taken from their schools, homes, workplaces, at checkpoints or at demonstrations. Some may never know why they have been picked out for arrest.
Mohammad’s two younger brothers, Yusef and Ahmad, saw their brother arrested, and marched from their home in the middle of the night by more than 20 soldiers.
“We miss everything about him, says Yusef. “We want him to come home.”
More Political Prisoners' StoriesNot registered yet?
Register now! It is easy and done in 1 minute and gives you access to special discounts and much more!
The Trophy Scum Frog is our weighted series, with the following special features:
This lure is extremely effective when more movement is needed to attract attention. Its natural swimming action can excite even the most stubborn bass!
We do not have any videos for this product yet
We don't have any customer reviews for this product yet
© 2015. LandBigFish.com LLC1,140,641 members
CIV3ST2
Structures 2
CIV3ST2 is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in CIV3ST2
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
2 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate CIV3ST2?
Add CIV3ST2 to your subjects
You can add CIV3ST2 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for CIV3ST2
0 reviews
Where are classes for CIV3ST2?
Easy, get a great map app for La Trobe, including locations for classes in CIV3ST2.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for CIV3ST2
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for CIV3ST2
0 tutors available for tutoring CIV3ST2Become a tutor for CIV3ST2
2 tutor searches for CIV3ST2!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.QBanks Before Step 1: Bomb the Questions, Ace the Test
Created July 18, 2016 by Jason Ryan, MD
Here’s a scenario I am asked about a lot: It’s a month before Step 1 and a student is doing lousy on UWorld questions. Or sometimes a student tells me they just took a NBME practice test and dropped from their previous score. Step 1 is getting closer and panic sets in. What should the student do? Bump their test date out a few weeks? Find a new resource? Maybe just quit medicine all together?
This scenario happens to everyone to some degree as Step 1 nears. And although the panic reaction is understandable, poor performance on practice questions before Step 1 is actually a very good thing in many cases. There are three important reasons not to worry too much about wrong answers to practice questions, which I will explain in this post.
In general, we think more about questions we get wrong than those we get right. When we answer incorrectly, it bugs us. It’s frustrating. Plus we have to work to understand why we were wrong. All of this make questions—and the topics they cover—stick in our minds. This means wrong answers in the weeks before Step 1 more easily become knowledge at your fingertips during the exam. When you are acing 95% of practice questions, you won’t retain as much information.
I my experience, students who perform best on Step 1 are often the ones who don’t panic over—and sometimes even enjoy— questions they get wrong in Qbanks. They are looking for a tough Qbank to really challenge them. They know difficult questions will stick in their mind. The wrong answers don’t bother them because they know it’s all just practice.
Practice questions are not necessarily predictive of Step 1 scores. No valid relationship has ever been established between any practice test and USMLE scores. Some websites offer to translate your practice test scores into Step 1 scores, but these correlations are based on self-reporting by students. This is unreliable and only includes the tiny sliver of students who choose to report their scores. How many in the class ahead of you revealed their scores? How many showed you an authentic score report sheet? Probably not a lot. When so many students keep their scores private, no correlation will be accurate.
Some students will say their actual Step 1 test contained questions similar to a particular Qbank or NBME practice test. This is undoubtedly true since Qbanks, NBME exams, and Step 1 cover the same concepts. However, don’t be misled into thinking that “similar” questions on Step 1 mean your performance on practice questions is necessarily predictive. It is not.
Obviously, students who correctly answer practice questions are more likely to correctly answer Step 1 questions, but practice questions are not destiny. I have advised many students over my career. I have seen stellar Step 1 scores by students who performed poorly on Qbanks and NBME practice exams. I have also seen underperformance by students who did well on practice tests.
Practice questions are different from exam questions. The NBME publishes guidelines for medical schools to use in writing USMLE board-style questions for classes. You can read them here. The guidelines list common errors in question writing. You will see these mistakes made routinely in many of the available QBanks. For any question you get wrong in a Qbank, there is a good chance it was written in a manner unacceptable to the NBME. The content may appear on your exam, but not the question.
The NBME practice tests are more representative of the question style of Step 1. These tests generally do not make writing errors since they are approved by NBME committees and follow the guidelines. But NBME practice questions are retired and will not show up on your exam.
The bottom line is this: Any practice question you get wrong is unlikely to be repeated exactly on your exam. The key is to remember the concepts from questions you use for practice. And when you answer incorrectly, concepts are more likely to stick.
If you are struggling with practice questions leading up to Step 1, don’t panic. Review what you’ve done over the past year. If your foundation of knowledge is strong and you’ve done well in school, you will be fine. Those wrong answers don’t necessarily mean a bad score is in your future. In fact, they may turn out to be the key to a top performance.
About the Author and the creator of Boards and Beyond.Q&A with Jennifer Alderfer, CEO of HealthONE North Suburban Medical Center and CWCC Member
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?My mom has always been a very influential person in my life and raised me to express gratitude, show compassion, value education, and treasure connections with others. For those reasons, I gravitated to the healthcare industry to pursue my career, where I strive to be lead both with my heart as well as with my head. Since healthcare is a people business, I feel it’s important to lead my team in such a way that hopefully inspires them to create positive memorable experiences by honoring those we serve.
How did your previous employment experience aid in your role at North Suburban Medical Center?
In between undergraduate and graduate school, I worked as a certified nurse aide (CNA) at both a nursing home and in a hospital. That direct patient care experience from years ago helps me keep the patient at the center of the business and operational decisions that I make in my current position as the CEO at North Suburban. I also feel that past experience helps me, in some ways, relate more effectively to the clinicians on my team. I sometimes tell the nurses and physicians with whom I work that I am just a “want-to-be-clinician” at heart.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
I am blessed to have an incredibly supportive and hands-on husband who helps care for our three children, ages 14, 12, and 10. I couldn’t do my job and be the wife and mother that I want to be without his partnership and support. I also try to use technology to help me balance work and home priorities. For example, I try to leave the hospital in time to have dinner with my family, but after my kids have finished homework and gone to bed, I will log on to my email and go through other paperwork or reading from home.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at North Suburban Medical Center?
One of the challenges during my tenure at NSMC involves the transition of a patient care service provided by one physician group to another physician group. Maintaining medical staff relationships during a time of uncertainty and unfamiliarity with a new group presented some challenges, but through the experience I was reminded of the importance of providing consistent, regular communication and status updates to those impacted by the transition.
One of the highlights during my tenure at NSMC involves the development of the business case for, design of, and opening of the Northeast ER, a freestanding emergency department that opened in May 2012 in northeast Thornton. Being able to take this from concept to reality has been quite rewarding, especially since this emergency department provides trusted emergency care closer to the homes of some of our community members.
What advice can you offer women looking for a career in the healthcare industry?
I love working in the healthcare industry and would share with other women looking to pursue a career in healthcare that, in my experience over the past 15 years, the rewards of impacting the delivery system of patient care far outweigh any of the challenges. I can’t think of a better career than one in which you’re able to care for others in a very real and personal way in times of physical and emotional need or vulnerability, such as during times when health issues arise.
What do you think is the biggest issue facing women in the workplace?
I think a challenge for both men and women in the workplace involves striking the delicate balance between work and personal priorities. For women with families to care for at home, this can sometimes be an issue, as women can feel torn between the desire to have a successful and fulfilling career and the guilt that comes with not having enough time to devote to motherhood. I also think it can be a challenge carving out time to care for oneself when busy with work. I tend to feel my best at both work and at home when I am taking care of myself, exercising regularly, getting enough sleep, and eating well. When I get off balance and stop working out and not getting enough rest, I feel as though things at both work and at home suffer.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I’ve been blessed by mentorship throughout my career. I have found it to be helpful to have someone with more experience and professional maturity to use as a sounding board and to seek counsel on different issues. In return, I have pledged to try to pay it forward and often try to make myself available to others in undergraduate or graduate programs or early in their career seeking guidance or wanting to hear what it’s like to do the work that I do.
On the personal side of mentorship, I have an older sister (nine years my senior) who I can talk with about raising children and balancing work and home, as she too is a professional with four children and has experienced aspects of motherhood before me. She’ll be a great resource for me in a few years to share how to get through a high school graduation and how to send your oldest child off to college. I remember after I had my first baby, I called her and asked her in an admittedly rather accusatory tone why she didn’t share certain details about childbirth with me, since at that time she’d already had three of her four children. She wisely responded that she wanted me to focus on the positive aspects of the experience and that she barely remembered the harder aspects of childbirth. She then joked that it was why the world wasn’t full of only children families – because women were resilient and tended to hold on to the positives and let go of the negatives.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
In my first “real job” after graduate school, I worked as an administrative resident at a hospital in Wichita, Kansas. There was a female physician executive on the team there in a vice president of medical staff affairs role. She taught me several things about working with physicians that I still reference today, even though that was almost 14 years ago since we worked together. She worked clinically part-time and administratively the other half of the time, was married to a physician with a busy outpatient practice of his own, and was raising three children. I admired her ability to function at a very high level in all of her many roles – as doctor, as hospital administrator, as wife, as mom, and as friend.
I’m also fortunate to work within the HealthONE system in Denver, with many high level female executives at the division level as well as various executive levels at the hospitals within the city. I admire many of these female colleagues for various reasons, but usually it is because they’ve achieved a high degree of success in a demanding industry but maintained a sense of themselves as individuals and not just as professionals.If you have ever worked at, interned, visited, even watched “Mad Men” you know that there are a lot of wasted supplies at the office. What do these products become? Paper basketballs, paper clip streamers, fake tape fingernail extensions, a post-it monster from another galaxy.
Though the eyes of a hard-working stiff may not see the full potential of these discarded pieces they do create beautiful pieces. Margarita Mileva, an architect and jewelry maker, took one office’s trash and turned the into intricate jewelry pieces that have taken the world by storm. Most recently she has submitted her new Rubber Band Pin Designs to the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago gift shop and her designs were recently featured in Art Show – an international contemporary and modern art fair held annually in May. The pieces definitely speak for themselves.
Though Margarita has worked with all office supplies like paper clips, punched-out paper circles, and presentation binding elements her most famous and widely used material is rubber bands. Her rubber band necklaces are easily recognizable for their unusual texture and look as well as the unmistakable feel of rubber. What a show stopper one of these beauties are. Each with their own color story and every one of the pieces are hand-made by Margarita herself.
They are reminiscent of coral, one of the hardest natural occurring fauna to recreate with its little fragile branches. This concept completely contradicts the material because rubber bands are designed to be sturdy and strong while coral, though vicious, is a delicate plant.
I especially think these creations are fun because I know as a little girl I always made paper-clip jewelry by clipping paper clips together, but the necklace was always harsh on my skin and would tug at my shirt until I finally gave in and took it off. Rubber bands a much gentler office supply, something I had never though would create such a couture looking piece.
Margarita has taken her rubber band concept to a whole new level. She has created a rubber band dress. Margarita and her dress will be at the Textile Arts Center and Ecouterre.com’s Fashion Night Out: Slow Fashion on September 10th.
[…] If you didn’t see the previous post about her jewelry you can read the entire version here. An architect and jewelry maker, took one office’s trash and turned the into intricate jewelry […]>> With built-in Alexa and limited fitness tracking, the Elite Active 65t earphones are an interesting running companion..
Updated Surprisingly affordable and ideally sized for long-haul travel, these lightweight, wireless noise-cancelling headphones impress.
Bose’s excellent noise cancelling headphones get a minor update with Google Assistant.
Eight-hour battery life and a balanced sound signature on a pair of Beats? You better believe it.Beautiful 3.7 Acre Lot w/ Pond Site
Troy, AL 36079
Montgomery County, Alabama
3.70 Acres
Expired Listing
Lot Description
3.7 Acre lot Beautiful rolling lot with some trees pasture and a old pond site easly converted to pond . also avaible owner financing 10% down. Please contact mark at WWSELLERS REALTY for more information / 1- or.The Congressional Budget Office finds that an increase in the minimum wage will result in higher unemployment:.
Zero Hedge includes the CBO chart to back this up:
Of course, the (
racist Democrat) supporters are not pleased with these projections..
You can’t fight the laws of economics. Price floors always result in surpluses, and increases in the minimum wage always result in more unemployment. Of course, that won’t stop the White House from ignoring reality:
White House dumps on CBO min wage study, says it does not reflect “consensus” of economists who see no job losses
— Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) February 18, 2014
Categories: Government Shenanigans, Liars, Minimum Wage, UnemploymentSome events in a person’s life stay with them forever, most of them firsts: first kiss, first touchdown, first car, etc. Other events as so big to us that they just embed themselves in our memory and stay there. There are two times in my life when I really thought I was about to die.
Twenty years ago, the Northridge earthquake struck at 4:30 in the morning. I was in bed, sound asleep, having been up late and out on the town the night before. BJ and I went with some of the people she worked with at CSUN to a comedy show in downtown LA. We had a great time, but came in late.
People asked me if I knew what it was when it hit, after all, I’m a Mississippi boy and I’m more accustomed to tornadoes than earthquakes. But the answer to that is absolutely yes—I knew exactly what it was. And it scared the crap out of me.
The quake, 6.6 or 6.8, depending on the source reporting, lasted for about 40 seconds. We lived on the bottom floor of a two storey apartment complex on campus and I thought it was about to fall in on BJ and I and kill us. We didn’t know what else to do, so we just held on to each other.
For 40 seconds we told each other over and over that we loved the other…and hung on tight to one another.
It’s fortunate it was dark and we couldn’t see anything because I think that would have scared us even more. We’d have seen items flying across the room. The dresser at the end of our bed was on the opposite wall, upside down.
For 40 seconds, I thought I was about to die.
When it stopped, our first thought was to get out. As we exited our bedroom into the long hallway, we discovered we had about a foot and a half which we could walk: the closet doors which lined the hallway had buckled out leaving us that small room to walk. Because we couldn’t see, I felt my way along the wall. When we turned the corner, the hallway door was open so I reached in and grabbed a coat.
Our feet crunched through the living room a small ways to the door. What I couldn’t see then, was that my two bookshelves had emptied all the contents into the living room. Items from the small kitchen that was attached, had found their way to the living room and most of it shattered. We lost all but a couple of pieces of the good china we’d received at our wedding.
I could probably go on for a long time about that night and the following months, but you probably wouldn’t want to read that much. BJ was the highest ranking school official on campus for several hours—we lived there, duh. She dove in to the task of caring for all the students on campus—she wrangled her crew together and put volunteers to work. It was pretty impressive.
A lot of people took really good care of us after that—after all, we’d lost our place to live! My colleagues at Malibu proved that they weren’t “just” colleagues and in fact were extended family by helping us sneak in to our apartment—which had been condemned—and get all of our belongings out and moved to a storage unit. Tom Mason and his wife let us live with them for a while—something I’ll never forget because we were essentially homeless at that time. We lived in a residence hall at the Jewish University on Mulholland after that until CSUN had a new place for us to move in to and return to campus.
I had problems sleeping for about year after that.
Even today, if I feel the house shake, a little chill runs down my spine.
6 responses to “Northridge Earthquake 20 years later”
I remember that, Roland! I was living in MPLS, I tried calling the Malibu office, there was a lot of confusion that day. I experienced an earthquake when I lived in LA in 91, it was small but scary, it seemed like a train was rumbling over my apt
I didn’t even talk to anyone from the office until really late in the day. I remember my colleague editor Dan Danko walking up to me and giving me a huge hug (MAN-hug, of course!) and apologizing. See–before I took the job, I asked Dan about earthquakes. He assured me–having lived there his entire life–that they were no big deal.
Wow! Scary! I’ve never experienced anything comparable.
Let’s both hope and pray you never do!
I’ve never gone through an earthquake, and I never want to. Sounds terrifying!
It was!
I hope you NEVER do!Intervention by
Stephen Smith MP
Minister for Defence
NATO / ISAF Defence Ministers’ Meeting
NATO Headquarters
Brussels, Belgium
3 February 2012
(Check against Delivery)
This NATO/International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Defence Ministers’ Meeting comes at a critical time for the international community’s commitment in Afghanistan, ahead of the NATO/ISAF Summit in Chicago in May.
The international community has reached the point where key decisions now need to be made about our the commitments we all made in Lisbon, namely to transition to Afghan led security responsibility across the country by 2014.
We have made important progress.
When the final tranche of districts and provinces commences transition to Afghan-led security in mid-2013, the international community and Afghanistan will have achieved a key Lisbon milestone.
ISAF forces will of course still need to be in support and prepared to undertake combat operations in support of the ANSF until the end of transition in 2014.
Second, we need to determine and agree the size and shape of the ANSF that is sufficient to ensure and sustain security for Afghanistan in the longer term beyond 2014. Having determined this in consultation with the Afghan Government we also need to agree on the cost of sustaining the ANSF and a fair burden sharing arrangement for consideration by the broader international community.
Third, the international community must make an enduring commitment to Afghanistan. The NATO-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership and comparable bilateral national agreements - including with Australia - are an important start.
But we must, in the context of the Chicago Summit, agree a basic mission profile of NATO-led post-2014 post-ISAF engagement to support, assist, advise and mentor.LONDON--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Technavio analysts forecast the global foosball equipment market to grow at a CAGR of over 3% during the forecast period, according to their latest report.
”
The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global foosball equipment market for 2017-2021. Technavio presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The analysts have presented the various facets of the market with a particular focus on identifying the key industry influencers.
Sporting goods retailers offer popular brands of foosball equipment and are, thus, attractive shopping destinations for the consumers in the market. The sporting goods retailers' shops segment dominated the global foosball equipment market in 2016 with a share of 44.58% of the market. DICK's Sporting Goods is one of the key examples of sporting goods retailers. foosball equipment market:
Rise in online sales
E-retailing is the fastest growing among all retail segments. In 2014, the overall revenue of this segment was valued at USD 1.35 trillion and is expected to reach USD 2.7 trillion by 2019, growing at a rate of almost 12%-13% by 2019. The biggest players in the global online retail market for foosball equipment are Amazon, Walmart, and Target.
Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead retail goods and services research analyst at Technavio, says, “The growing number of online websites offering foosball tables is increasing its demand. E-retailing of various products, including foosball tables, is gaining popularity because of it being a time-saving and cost-effective purchasing process.”
Advent of organized retail
Foosball equipment is primarily sold through organized retail chains like specialty stores and department stores. The retail sectors in developing nations like China, India, and Brazil have been undergoing rapid transition with a rise in organized retail. Organized retailers provide many products under the same roof in a systematic manner.
,” adds Brijesh.
Growing demand for high-end game tables
An increase in the number of luxury homes around the world and the need to fill these homes with quality furniture is increasing the demand for high-end game tables. As a result, premium furniture importers like Emerson et Cie are offering high-end game tables. Emerson et Cie offers 10 game tables; most of these tables are suitable for rooms that have secondary seating areas, and the others are suitable for large master suites that have small seating or dining areas.
Top vendors:
- Bonzini
- Garlando Sports & Leisure
- Rene Pierre
- Shelti
- Tornado.Pixar’s second film explored quite different themes than “Toy Story”. “A Bug’s Life” looked at what it means to be different and how to live into that difference. One of the sub-plots interests me as well, though. It is the misinterpretation of information into facts: A dismissal into a quest, circus bugs into champions, rocks into symbolic gifts. The last is my favorite. The circus bugs watch a moment between Flik and Dot and read deep and meaningful significance into it. It’s funny. It’s also very true.
We do that. We read meaning and significance into things that are, in fact, meaningless. We like things to be important and relevant. We don’t like the idea that someone might have a private joke, that we just don’t have the information we need to understand something, or (heaven forbid) something is just random and meaningless. We create narrative in order for our world to make sense. It becomes worse when we are in a group.
Churches love to create a story around information. Over the years I have heard many a creative interpretation of random facts into a narrative that bears little to no resemblance to reality. My favorite story comes from my home church. About fifteen years ago or so, my mom was approached in our hometown by someone from church to tell her how excited she was that I was coming home to be the new pastor. The woman was also curious about when I had taken up riding motorcycles. Needless to say, Mama Mouse was a little confused. I was on my way to the Pacific Northwest and had never been a biker. After a little digging when I was home for a visit, the truth was this: my home church was getting their first female pastor. She had family in the area and she was a fairly serious cyclist. When people heard this it became something else. In the years since I left home I had become a biker and was coming back to lead the church. The seed had become a rock and the rock had acquired its own special significance.
Sometimes the rock is just a rock. Sometimes we just need to let go and let something just be until we have all the information. Sometimes we never really find out what’s going on. That’s okay. We don’t have to know everything.
Give your rating of “A Bug’s Life” here:Information on the Surface Management Division.Surface Lease Auctions
View auction dates, locations and all other pertinent auction information.Surface Lease Inquiry Grazing Calculator
Get estimated days of grazing for school land based on the livestock you plan to graze.Reclamation Reporting
Submit Reclamation Reports using our mobile friendly website.Training For Reclamation Reporting
Use this site to submit example/test reclamation reports while you learn how to use the Reclamation Reporting website. Reports you submit here will be removed every week.Right-of-Way On-Line Application and Procedures
The on-line application form for submitting a request for an easement, permit or surface damage agreement can be found here. If you have questions about easements, permits or surface damage agreements and the process on school trust lands, this is the place to start.Right-of-Way Search
Active rights-of-way issued on trust lands are available on-line to print, search and download the conveyance and the surveys.Construction Aggregate, Clay, Coal, and Geophysical Exploration Applications
Construction aggregate and clay are leased for mining on trust lands. This site provides detailed information on how to apply for prospecting permits and leases for gravel, scoria, sand, clay and general soil and archeological surveys.Geophysical Exploration
Commonly called “seismic permits” this is where applications are accepted for exploration on trust minerals.Public Access Information
Most School trust lands are open to non-vehicular access. The few tracts that are posted are listed here.Livestock Water Development Permit Application and Procedures
The on-line application form for submitting a request for a livestock water development permit can be found here. If you have questions about livestock water development permits and the process on school trust land, this is the place to start.Noxious Weed Control/Cost Share
Check for noxious weed control information on school trust lands, including cost share.Aerial Photographs of School Trust Lands
View and print aerial photographs and GPS corners of your favorite school trust lands.County Rents and Values Annual Survey – North Dakota
Beginning in 2013, the annual County Rents & Values results will be available only on the North Dakota Department of Trust Lands website. This is the same survey done by the North Dakota Agricultural Statistics Service in previous years. This site also contains a link to the historical surveys.Managing for Drought
We have to be eternal optimists to live in North Dakota but we can't ignore and must plan for the inevitable drought. Check out these important resources for drought management.Fact Sheets
Do you have a question about school trust lands? These fact sheets contain the answers to many commonly asked.
Back-Up Light 416-K - 55-8008
$27.96Quantity
$19.97
Sale Prices Shown are Valid Until 01/19/18.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Back-Up Light 416-K
Item 55-8008 | MFR# 416K
Lexan™ lens and housing is linear welded to provide a permanent seal. Mount vertically or horizontally. VIBAR® socket protects the bulb from road shock. Includes lamp, grommet and plug. 6-1/2"L x 2-1/4"W x 2-3/8"D. 1 per pack.
More Details EXPAND
- Manufacturer Numbers
- 416K, 18-0674
- Manufacturer
- Peterson Industries Inc.
- UPC List
- 044464926933
- Bulb Type
- IncandescentJ Qness is on fire – with two global hits to his name and his latest tune playing across Mzansi, he’s also just signed a lucrative deal to endorse Beats by Dre headphones in South Africa.His international hit, Uzongilinda, spent weeks on the world house charts, especially after it was remixed by UPZ, aka Avi elman. Fugama Unamathe was also right up there and his latest number, Time, is steaming up clubs even as you read this.His tracks are grabbing so much attention that he’s now been made a brand ambassador for hip-hop heavyweight Dr Dre’s headphones, the first south African muso to land such a deal. He follows in the footsteps of other superstars who’ve had their own headphone ranges, such as P Diddy, Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber. not bad for a man who was once a security guard!Read the article in the Drum of 24 March 2011 – and share your views below.Article Side
Online Article Directory!
Orthodontists Calgary – What is Night Sweat?
I will tell you everything about night sweat treatment as queries will rise.
First, what is Night Sweat?
Night Sweat is also known as Sleep hyperhidrosis. When we get excessive sweating during sleeping that situation is night sweat. It may happen at any age but mostly it happens with adult people. When temperature is high than normal, our body automatically react and feel some different.
Excessive sweating is a normal body reaction when body temperature is hotter than normal. Persons, who settle in for the night in a room or a place where the atmosphere is extremely beyond 37 degrees Celsius, will surely experience heavy perspiration.
Next query will be what are the causes?
It may occur cause of genetic reasons or may be relative harmless. It happens with women cause of menopause. In men’s body, it happens with a simple reason of detoxifying the body. Most probably it happens with above 40 age people. Sweating is related with body temperature. There may be several reasons of night sweat for example, excessive alcohol and regular red meat consuming, bacterial or viral infections. At a specific age, body gets experience in hormone level changing. In dental case, sometimes we face some problems in teeth which have some problems like abnormal wear of tooth surfaces, misalignment of jaw-points. So we should go to orthodontist doctor to get proper treatment.
Sweating in night may also create some other diseases in our body. Diabetic and cancer disease may happen cause of sweating. Hormone change is also a key factor in night sweat.
Last one how can we save our body from affect of night sweat?
Most people have habits of drinking too much alcohol, caffeine and smoking. They have more chances to suffer from this problem. These people should get immediate treatment from doctors. Maintain your body and surrounding temperature cool. So you will get a good sleep. Do not sleep in tight wear. Put some light nightwear to get s smooth and relax sleep. There are several natural medicines to get over from this situation. You should have these natural treatments according to your body.
Sage is used to reduce sweating at nights by 50%. Change your lifestyle in a common way. It should be simple. There are some herbs which help to recover from this problem. They are sage, licorice root, mother wort, alfalfa etc. Do not have the cigarette and take healthy food daily. Ignore outside food and such products also which increase fat in our body. Start yoga early in every morning.
Ryan Pattinson - About Author:
Author has been writing articles from last three years on various topics. With this post, he is sharing information on Calgary orthodontists in Canada.
Article Source:
Related Health Articles
Published by Drcraneorthodontics on March Antique Copper Drop-in or Undermount Commercial/Residential Prep Sink
Item # 432819 Model # SP504-17AC
Product Information
The Ducreax bar/prep copper sink is 100% handcrafted from 16 gauge pure solid copper by Sinkology’s.
- Matching drains available, Model # TD35-01 and Model # TB35-01
- 16 Gauge industry leading 99.98% pure solid copper
- Expertly crafted and finished by hand to make it uniquely yours
- Maintenance Free, Wash with Soap and Water
- Convenient and universal size, typical for a luxury kitchen prep sink
- 3.5-in. standard kitchen drain required
- Protected by a Lifetime WarrantyPghght. I went back to the first couple of chapters again and tweaked. I keep fighting that urge, but it’s a losing battle. We struggling authors, in the fight to get that first notice, think the first sentence, first paragraph, first chapter, first fifty pages have to be perfect, so keep going back to the well. It’s an addiction. It is also a high that never gets satisfied.
Call the OCD of unknown authors. The constant hand washing metaphor laid atop revision. I wish I could stop, but I obsess over it. I can almost recite the entire first chapter word for word driving in my car. It’s obscene.
So no real progress and negative word count (thank god for that).
Words written today: -29
Total for 2017: 47,825
KINGDOM
Revision today: 0 chapters
Revision total: 56 chapters
Total words for this manuscript: 119,058 (+10,418 since first draft)A statement calling upon governments not to take procedural arguments as an excuse to further delaying the substantive negotiations on the urgently needed global policy responses to the current crisis is being circulated to negotiators at the UN.
Statement on the negotiations about the outcome of the UN Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and its Impact on Development
Choike.org May 15, 2009
Download: Draft outcome document for the June UN Conference on the crisis.
6. Many of our demands are reflected in the recommendations presented by the “Stiglitz Commission” in March 2009. For this reason we regard these recommendations as a good basis on which to build a new global economic and financial system .
7. Many of our positions are also reflected in the first draft outcome document presented by the President of the General Assembly (PGA) on 8 May 2009. We understand that the recommendations in this document contain short-term measures that have to be implemented immediately as a response to the current crisis, such as the sufficient funding for a global stimulus package, and long-term measures, such as the establishment of a new Global Reserve System or the proposal for a Global Tax Authority. We agree that the UN conference in June has to come up with immediate responses to the crisis and simultaneously decide on an intergovernmental time-bound process towards the long-term reforms.
8. In contrast, the draft document by the Co-Facilitators, dated 6 May 2009 neither specifies the necessary short-term actions nor does it contain concrete commitments for longer-term structural reform measures. It mainly reconfirms – by recycling already agreed language – decisions taken at the Doha Conference and the G20 Summits. The policy recommendations in this document lack any sense of urgency. The recommendations on institutional reforms (para. 47) are interesting but, according to the Co-Facilitators, they only “might be considered”. Such a diplomatic phrase makes any recommendation completely useless. If governments agreed on such an outcome document, they would further weaken the UN as the global forum for economic policy coordination and decision making and would completely fail to find meaningful answers to the current crisis.
9. We understand that under the current time pressure it will be difficult for governments to agree on a comprehensive set of radical reform measures as outlined in the draft of the PGA. But, a consensus on many concrete reform proposals that are on the table can still be reached. Among the decisions that are of high priority and could be taken at the UN Conference without any further delay are the following:
– The initiative to establish a Global Panel on Systemic Risks in the World Economy, following the model of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, bringing together academics, civil society and policy makers.
– The decision to upgrade the Committee of Experts on International Cooperation on Tax Matters to an intergovernmental Commission on Tax Matters as a functional commission of ECOSOC by the end of 2009.
– The political commitment to introduce an internationally coordinated Financial Transaction Tax in order to mobilize additional resources for a short-term Global Stimulus Fund and the longer-term implementation of the Internationally Agreed Development Goals, including the MDGs.
– The establishment of a Global Economic Coordination Council within the UN system.
– The decision to review the Agreement between the UN and the Bretton-Woods-Institutions (BWIs) in order to enhance coordination and policy coherence by integrating the BWIs as specialized agencies completely into the UN system.
10. We call upon governments not to take procedural arguments as an excuse to further delaying the substantive negotiations on the urgently needed global policy responses to the current crisis.
Signatures
Jens Martens and James Paul, Global Policy Forum
Roberto Bissio, Social Watch
Beverly Keene, Jubilee South
Andrea Baranes and Antonio Tricarico, Campagna per la Reforma della Banca Mondiale
Mirjana Dokmanovic, Women and Development Europe (WIDE)
Gigi Francisco, Development Alternatives wirh Women for a New Era (DAWN)
Patricia Blankson Akakpo, Network for Women’s Rights in Ghana (NETRIGHT) and ABANTU for Development (ROWA)
Josep Xercavins i Valls
Philo Morris, Medical Mission Sisters
Aldo Caliari, Center of Concern
Rudy De Meyer, 11.11.11
Verena Winkler and Simon Stocker, Eurostep
Eva Friedlander, IWAC, the International Women’s Anthropology Conference
Luke Fletcher, Jubilee Australia
Anne Jellema, Action Aid
Mark Herkenrath, Alliance Sud, Switzerland
Klaus Schilder, terre des hommes Germany
Magaly Pineda, CIPAF, Rep.Dominicana
Feminist Task Force of the Global Call to Action against Poverty
Arjun Karki, LDC Watch
Sarba Khadka, South Asia Alliance for Poverty Eradication-SAAPE
Mana Dahal Rural Reconstruction Nepal-RRN
Edward Oyugi, Social Development Network, Nairobi, Kenya
Oksana Kisselyova, Liberal Society Institute, Ukraine
Cartas A. Kapele, Children Education Society (CHESO), DAR ES SALAAM – TANZANIA
Fernanda Carvalho, IBASE – Brazilian Institute for Social and Economic Analysis
European Network on Debt and Development (EURODAD)
ATTAC Hungary
Milan Smrz, Czech section of Eurosolar
Joseph M. Sammut, Social Watch, Malta
Christine Andela – COSADER (Collectif des ONG pour la Sécurité Alimentaire et le Développement Rural) – Cameroun
Marta Benavides – Instituto Internacional de Cooperación entre Pueblos (IICP) – El Salvador
GCAP – Sudan
Jubilee Debt Campaign (UK)
Tom Kucharz, Ecologistas en Acción (Spain)
Transnational Institute
Institute for Policy Studies, Global Economy Project
Dr. Hassan Abdel Ati – National Civic Forum – Sudan
Malgorzata Tarasiewicz – Network of East-West Women, NEWW-Polska
AWID (Association for Women¹s Rights in Development)
Rede Brasil sobre Instituições Financeiras Multilaterais
Marek Hrubec, Centre of Global Studies, Czech Republic
Zelená Pro Planetu, Czech Republic
Henri Valot, Policy Advisor CIVICUS: World Alliance for Citizen Participation
Professor Aijaz Qureshi: Social Watch Pakistan- IDF
Zulfiqar Halepoto- Sindh Democratic Forum (SDF) and Social Watch Pakistan
Nazeer Memon- Sindh Agriculture Forum
Abrar Kazi – SDF- water expert and technocrat
Rural Reconstruction Nepal (RRN)
Public Finance Monitoring Center
Women’s Working Group on Financing for Development
Egyptian Association For Community Participation Enhancement (EACPE)
CARDET, Cyprus
National Social Watch Coalition – India
Action for Economic Reforms
Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement (PRRM)
Arab NGO Network for Development (ANND)
Ziad Abdel Samad
Mariama Williams, Integrated Policy Research Institute (IPRI)
Yves Conze, Integrated Policy Research Institute (IPRI)
Carla Bakboord, MSc Cultural Anthropologist, Executive Director Equality & Equity for Gender&Social Development, Suriname
El Amel Association For Social Development in Algeria
Women for Change
Genoveva Tisheva- Bulgarian Gender Research Foundation
Development Network of Indigenous Voluntary Associations (DENIVA), J.B. Kwesiga
Network of Ugandan Researchers and Research Users (NURRU), David Obot
Tomas Tozicka – Jubilee Czech
Hanaa Edwar, Iraqi AlAmal Association
David Obot (NURRU), Kampala-Uganda
J.B.Kwesiga (DENIVA), Uganda
Hamarneh, Vanda, Syria
Consumers Association of Penang
Friends of the Earth, Malaysia
KOPIN (Koperazzjoni Internazzjonali) Malta
Instituto Latinoamericano de Servicios legales Alternativos (ILSA) – Colombia
Klaus Heidel, Werkstatt Ökonomie e.V., spokesperson Social Watch Deutschland/Forum Weltsozialgipfel (Social Watch Germany)
International Gender and Trade Network (IGTN).
Rene Suša, Humanitas, Society for human rights and supportive action, Slovenia
Africa Development Interchange Network (ADIN)
Sanayee Development Organization (SDO). Kabul, Afghanistan
UK Coalition Against Poverty. Eileen Devaney
Baudouin Schombe, Coordonnateur National Reprontic
Bretton Woods Project (UK)
FOCO – Foro Ciudadano de Participación por la Justicia y los Derechos Humanos
DECIDAMOS, Campaña por la Expresión Ciudadana, Paraguay
Social watch Mocambique
Jiri Silny, Ecumencial Academy Prague, Czech Republic
Vagn Berthelsen, Secretary General of IBIS
Sisters of Mercy (of the Americas)
Marta Scarpato, Consultora sindical, Italia
Mayalu Matos Silva, Brazil
Carlos Martinez Garcia, Presidente de ATTAC España
Martín Pascual, Fundación Cenda, Chile
CIDEP, Asociación Intersectorial para el Desarrollo Económico y el Progreso Social (El Salvador)I
Reseau Marocain pour le Droit a la Sante, Dr Aziz RHALI. Maroc
Antonio J. González Plessmann, Activista venezolano de Derechos Humanos
WEDO (Women’s Environment and Development Organization)
Red de Control Ciudadano, Costa Rica
Secours-Catholique/Caritas France
Instituto de Estudos Sócioeconômicos – INESC, Brasil
Lunaria, Italy
War on Want
Carlos Martinez Garcia, Presidente de ATTAC España
Socio Economic Rights Initiaitive/Social Watch Nigeria
Global Economy Program
Coordinación de ONG y cooperativas – CONGCOOP
Uganda Coalition for Sustainable Development
SLUG – The Norwegian Coalition for Debt Cancellation
African Women’s Development and Communication Network/FEMNET Africa
K.U.L.U.-Women and Development, Denmark
Plataforma 2015 y más, España
Third World Network
CAP
SAM
Red Latinoamericana sobre Deuda, Desarrollo y Derechos – LATINDADD
Women Headed Households Empowerment (PEKKA)
Further Resources:
UN Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and its Impact on Development
Official Website of the Conference
Breaking News: UN postpones summit over crisis
UN General Assembly postponed the celebration of the UN Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and its Impact on Development, to happen in late June, sources reported Friday. According to UN spokesperson Spanish Enrique Yeves, recently many delegations asked the President of the Assembly Miguel D Escoto to postpone the already scheduled date of the encounter, since it coincided with other several international events. He also stressed the delegations to participate are still involved in the negotiations on the project of the event, convened by D Escoto, so that the crisis can be intensively debated by the 192 UN member countries. The Summit, previously scheduled for Jun.1-3, will take place on June 24-26, as it stated a missive sent to UN countries member, from the Head of Cabinet of the President of General Assembly Norman MirandaProfiling your .NET code
Profiling gathers information about an executing application, allowing you to determine those improvements that are required in your application. Profiling is overlooked or not performed on applications despite the fact that it can have a massive benefit to the performance and scalability of these applications. This article starts with a “Top 10” list of reasons why you should give careful consideration to the task of profiling your .NET code. It then introduces the two basic tools that will get you started with this task, namely the CLR Profiler and Perfmon.
Ten reasons why you should bother profiling your .NET code
1) Focus on portions of your .NET code that really require attention
Profiling allows you to focus on critical sections of your .NET code. When you have a very large application it is very difficult to identify areas in your .NET code that require improvement. Profiling your application will pinpoint .NET code sections that really require improvement or tuning.
2) Identify code blocks with performance issues
Performance is a very hard thing to measure and trace. The task of identifying code blocks or methods that have performance issues is tedious. Profiling your .NET code helps you to identify those code lines, blocks or methods that require performance improvement.
3) Compare alternative approaches
During your development, you might come across alternate ways of achieving a task. For any given task you might have two different implementations that you wish to compare, in order to find out which implementation is better in terms of performance, scalability, and resource usage. By comparing your different implementations with a profiler, you can select the most efficent code block.
4) Get accurate code execution response times
Often, when you examine the performance of your application, you will want to find out how long a line of code, or a block of code, or a method, takes to execute. By profiling your .NET code you can get accurate execution times.
5) Avoid guessing performance issues
Have you ever looked at your application and felt that it is executing slower than usual? You cannot just go by your instinct and start making changes to your application. By profiling your application, you can confirm whether performance issues exist in your application, and where those issues are.
6) Visualize performance and memory usage
A visual depiction of execution times and memory usage for your application helps you to make informative decisions very quickly. Once you have the means to see a graph of the execution times or memory usage, it is much easier and quicker to understand issues and fix them.
7) Track the lifecycle of your .NET objects
You might be using a resource intensive object in your .NET code. Tracking the lifecycle of your .NET object will allow you to make optimizations in your code. For example you might be creating the resource intensive object too early in your application. Profiling will uncover these issues.
8) Avoid unnecessary loading or initialization of your program
During development of your application you might have had some tests that are loaded and initialized. Prior to deployment of your application you will want to ensure that any unnecessary loading or initialization is removed. It would be very difficult to track such portions of your application without profiling it.
9) Optimize your looping constructs in .NET
Looping constructs are a common source of performance issues. Profiling your code allows you to understand and eliminate unnecessary loops within your looping constructs. Improving your looping constructs in turn will improve the overall performance of your .NET application.
10) Identify memory leaks in your application
Memory leaks in your application can be very difficult to identify. Profiling your .NET code allows you to identify any unnecessary memory usage and therefore optimize the memory usage in your .NET application.
How to profile your .NET code
Now that we have looked at some compelling reasons to consider profiling, let us look at a couple of the basic, free tools that allow you to profile your .NET code.
CLR Profiler
The CLR Profiler is a free application that allows you to profile Windows applications, ASP.NET applications or services. You can download the CLR profiler from here. Once you have downloaded it, you can extract it and run the CLRProfiler.exe. When you run the CLR profiler your code will appear to execute slower than usual since your code will be instrumented to analyze the performance.
Let us create a simple Windows application and then analyze it using the CLR Profiler. You can create the following method as part of your application and invoke it (you can download Visual C# 2008 Express Edition from here ):
C# Code
Start the CLR profiler, and you will see the following initial screen:
Selecting “Allocations and Calls”, allows us to profile the methods as well as memory usage. You can click on “Start Application” and select the Windows application we created. The CLR profiler will load the Windows application and you can execute it to call the method we wrote earlier.
When you close the Windows application, the performance of the application is analyzed and a summary screen is presented:
You can drill into any specific areas on the performance. For example, if you want to find out how much memory was allocated on the Heap, you can click on the “Histogram” for Allocated Bytes, in the summary screen. The View menu in the main CLR profiler screen also includes menu items for the options you see on the summary screen for your application.
The above screen shows that a large amount of memory is being allotted for the strings, since we are doing concatenation and each concatenation is creating a new string instance. Let us save the current profile results.
To fix the above problem, let us replace the string concatenation with a StringBuilder. So, our new method implementation looks as follows:
C# Code
Let us go through the steps of profiling the application again. After profiling, the “Histogram by Size for Allocated Byes” screen looks as follows:
You can see that the memory allotted is considerably reduced using an alternate implementation.
Using PerfMon
Another tool you can use to analyze the performance of your application is the PerfMon (Performance Monitor). This tool is available as part of Windows Administrative tools and contains performance counters to analyze various aspects of your application. For example, in Windows XP, navigate to Administrative tools and select Performance. This will start the Microsoft Management Console for PerfMon.
The initial view shows the System Monitor monitoring a few performance counters for the entire system. To monitor .NET application-specific performance, click on the “new” option on the toolbar. This will clear the current view and you can add performance counters for the specific aspects for your application
To add a performance counter, click on “Add”. This brings up the “Add Counters” interface that allows you to add a performance counter. PerfMon contains a lot of counters that are specific for .NET applications. For example, to monitor the memory allocated on the heap for your .NET objects, you can select the .NET CLR memory Performance object and then select the “# Bytes in all Heaps” performance counter. If you want to monitor all .NET CLR memory related counters, you can select “All counters”. You can also select a specific instance or application for which you want to monitor the .NET CLR memory.
This creates a graph that will show any spikes in the view when you execute your application. This allows you to graphically visualize the memory usage while you interact with your .NET application. If there are any unusual spikes while executing your application, you can try improving your code and running the application again while monitoring the performance in PerfMon.
Other than the .NET CLR specific performance counters, you also get a lot of counters that are specific to ASP.NET web applications. For example, you can have a view that shows the total requests that failed for the ASP.NET application against the total requests received, and also monitor how specific resources such as memory were used when the number of requests is high.
Conclusion
Profiling your .NET code is a very important task in ensuring your application performs as expected. This article shows 10 reasons why you should seriously consider profiling your .NET code and then explains how to use the CLR profiler and the PerfMon tools.The Japan Dental Association (JDA) was established in 1903, and enters its 113th year this year. Now, as of the end of 2014, over 65,000 of the 103,972 dentists in Japan are members of JDA.
The objective of JDA’s members is to “promote the health and welfare of the people of Japan by working to enhance the ethics of the dental profession, establish the national dental care, provide education on public health and dental health, and advance the development of dental science.” In line with this objective, members, for example, set their own goals based on JDA Continuing Education program, and set themselves to studying and learning new aspects of dental science on a day-to-day basis. Furthermore, JDA’s members cooperates with government agencies, with local dental associations serving as contact points, and contributes to maternal and child health, school health projects, and adult dental health, based on infant dental checkups, school dental checkups, periodontal disease screenings, and more.
One outcome of these steady efforts and contributions by members over many years is the fact that, in 1989, the average number of caries among 12-year-old children in Japan was more than 4, but in the fiscal year 2015, this figure dropped below 1 to 0.9. Also, in 1989, the 8020 Campaign, which calls upon citizens to “keep 20 teeth or more even at age 80,” was launched, with JDA playing a central role. At the start of this campaign, less than 10% of citizens had 20 teeth or more at age 80, but in 2011, this ratio rose to close to 40%, and the campaign has thus achieved substantial results. In addition, recently, JDA has been studying the relationship between dental diseases and illnesses such as diabetes and dementia. As such, we at JDA are striving to “enable all citizens, from infants to elderly persons, to live abundant lives, enjoying being able to chew and speak over their entire lifetime.”
The history of Japan’s public health insurance system goes back more than a century, and Japan has maintained its current world-class system, which is called a “Universal Health Insurance System,” for 50 years of this history. Nevertheless, in recent years, population aging and a declining birthrate have made for a rapidly progressing trend, and the nation’s financial situation has been worsening. It is therefore becoming increasingly difficult to maintain this valuable system that deserves being kept in place for the future. Given this critical situation, we are facing the question of how to build a society in which people can live in good health until the end of life. JDA has presented extensive data showing that the enhancement of dental care can contribute when it comes to this national issue of extending healthy life expectancy.
Going forward, we at JDA will continue to fulfil our roles and responsibilities as a member of the community of healthcare providers in the super-aged society that is Japan. We seek the understanding and support of the people of Japan in regard to the activities of the Japan Dental Association and its members.If you had asked me before tonight what it was like to sit in the audience whilst Idina Menzel performed on stage I could have told you. I have been fortunate enough to sit through 3 ½ performances of Idina in Wicked and one performance of Chess. The half being the performance where she unfortunately took ill before she could sing Defying Gravity. One of the other three being her last ever performance as Elphaba. I already knew before tonight exactly how much talent resided in that person. However, if you had asked me what it was like to sit in the audience whilst Idina Menzel performed solo with a 60 piece orchestra conducted by the one and only Marvin Hamlisch, well that, that I could only tell you after tonight. Yes, if you asked me that I would answer you by saying it is like listening to perfection.
There is no one whose voice I rate higher than Idina Menzel’s. The first time you hear her live your heart literally beats quieter so as not to distract you from the sound of her voice. Every part of you pays attention to the notes she is so effortlessly singing and you are lost in the story of the lyrics. I have seen people cry when she has sung ‘I’m Not that Girl’ and there is nothing more empowering than hearing her sing ‘Defying Gravity’. These songs have become her signature, but there is nothing – even Lady Gaga’s ‘Pokerface’, that she cannot sing. She manages to bring a smile to your face even when she is singing about her “love glue gunning.” Don’t get me started about when she starts to do the rap she and her husband do for their two-year old son whilst he’s popping. It is adorable.
Idina connects with her audience and you can tell that she feels truly blesses to be able to do something she loves so much for a living. Her anecdotes before and after, and sometimes during each song endear her to her audience and even in a venue as grand as the Royal Albert Hall she can make her concert feel intimate. You are encouraged to laugh with her as you share her stories of her run ins with British immigration and you try not to laugh too hard at her Dick Van Dyke-esque English accent.
She is a performer of immense talent. When you know that she is going to be on stage in a place you can be you would be foolish not to take that opportunity. My one regret is that she did not sing the version of ‘I’ll Cover You’ that I have only heard on YouTube videos. The hope that I will get to hear that one day, and the knowledge that even if I don’t I will never be disappointed, is sure to ensure that I will be in an audience again when Idina Menzel is on the stage.
3 responses to “What is it like to be in the audience when Idina Menzel is performing?”
Couldn’t agree with more:)!
yes, she is sublime! wish I could have heard her british accent soo bad =)
Lol, to be fair it’s not the worst attempt at an English accent I’ve heard, but then I wouldn’t expect it to be since she spent some time here doing Wicked when it first opened. Let’s just say it wasn’t horrendous.No matter how much Shimano and Sram tries they never can be like Campagnolo. Campagnolo got cool shapes:
Campagnolo can show Shimano how a sleek looking carbon fibre 4-bolt crank should look like:
Campagnolo still thinks carbon fibre is the coolest:
(yes, it looks like a Shimano derailleur)
Campagnolo prototypes is showed on the latest italian bike with classic bent handlebar and one of the most beautiful wheelsets with a name that makes cyclists drool:
So anyone knows more about this beautiful parts?
AnnonserWarrant issued for man having sex with minor
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of a Ponsford man on a charge of third degree criminal sexual conduct.
Leonard Joseph Smith, 32, of PO Box 102, Ponsford, is accused of having sex with a young girl, who was 14 at the time, on numerous occasions starting in April 2011 and continuing through December.
According to the criminal complaint, the teenage girl said that she and Smith had sex on her 14th birthday, and the relationship continued throughout the summer months and into the fall.Venus Williams beat Michaella Krajicek 6-4, 6-3 Wednesday in the first round at the J&S Cup.
The former top-ranked American traded breaks early in the first set with the 18-year-old Krajicek before breaking again at 5-4 to win the first set.
Williams, who was playing in her fourth tournament of the year after an injury-plagued 2006, broke her Dutch opponent again to lead 4-2 and cruised from there.
"I think that when I make mistakes that I'm able to correct it on the court, and I think that's really important," Williams said. "Clay is definitely about a rhythm, staying in a rhythm."
Williams next plays seventh-seeded Elena Dementieva of Russia.
"It'll be a good match, we've played some close matches," Williams said. "The last match we played was the Fed Cup, and it went my way for the USA - but they won the Cup."
Also, Mara Santangelo upset fifth-seeded Nadia Petrova 6-3, 6-3 in the second round.
The 31st-ranked Santangelo easily won the first set, but the ninth-ranked Petrova jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the second. Santangelo then won the next six games to advance.
"I tried to do my best, be aggressive and play my game and try to get the points, not wait for the points," Santangelo said. "I'm playing good since the beginning of the year and I'm confident, I'm feeling good physically and mentally."
The 25-year-old Italian could next meet top-seeded Justine HenAhmed Naguy1* and Ali Al Tajali2
1Child and Adolescent Psychiatrist, Kuwait Centre for Mental Health (KCMH), Shuwaikh, State of Kuwait
2General Adult Psychiatrist, Head of Neuromodulation Unit, Kuwait Centre for Mental Health (KCMH), Shuwaikh, State of Kuwait
Received: June 21, 2015; Accepted: July 20, 2015; Published: July 27, 2015
Citation: Naguy N, Tajali AA (2015) ?Mirtazapine-Galantamine Combo? Tackles Behavioral Facets in Autism. Autism Open Access 5:145. doi:10.4172/2165-7890.1000145
Copyright: © 2015 Naguy A, et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Visit for more related articles at Autism-Open Access
Autism; Challenging; Behaviors; Mirtazapine; Galantamine
Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) are associated with a host of challenging behaviors that constitute a focus of clinical attention and a target for psychopharmacologic interventions [1]. Only Risperidone and Aripiprazole are FDA-approved to address these behavioral facets once psychological and educational approaches (e.g. Applied Behavioral Analysis, Sensory Integration) are ineffective, inaccessible, or, unaffordable [2]. Moreover, no single drug is currently approved to alter core symptoms of ASD. These behaviors include, inter alia, ADHD-like symptoms, tics and stereotypies, auto- and hetero-aggression, irritability and mood and anxiety symptoms, disturbed eating and sleeping patterns, and sexually-inappropriate behaviors [1].
Unfortunately, the use of these atypical antipsychotics is fraught with a multitude of cardio-metabolic and neurologic syndromes [3]. This calls for novel psychotropic agents that are both effective and tolerable.
Mirtazapine is atypical antidepressant with unique mechanism of action, namely; Noradrenergic-Specific Serotonergic Antidepressant (NaSSA); blocking α2 auto&hetero-receptors, thus increasing norepinephrine, also blocking 5HT2&3 receptors, as well as H1 receptors.
Galantamine is anti-dementia specific acetylcholinestrase inhibitor (AchE-i) and allosteric ligand at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAchR).
Here, we are reporting on a case of an adolescent with ASD, where ‘Mirtazapine-Galantamine cocktail’ brought about a significant improvement in the behavioral domains and strikingly, hit some of the core social features. This was achieved with great tolerability.
A 14-year-old Kuwaiti youngster, eldest of five sibs, a product of elective Caesarean Section, emanating from a consanguineous monogamous family, attending special schooling, long diagnosed as ASD/ID (Intellectual Disability)/Epilepsy, maintained on Valproate for seizure control, was escorted by his parents for escalating behavioral dyscontrol, notably irritability, aggression, hyperactivity, fitful sleep and socially flouting over sexualized behaviors. Medical and environmental causation of this behavioral decompensation were meticulously ruled out. He couldn’t tolerate a trial on Risperidone where he developed recurrent torticollis and oculogyric crisis. He failed a 6-week trial on 15 mg/d Aripiprazole. Clonidine was also tried at 300 µg/d but prematurely aborted for severe hypotension (80/50) and symptomatic bradycardia (50/min). Atomoxetine, for hyperactivity was instituted, uptitrated to 40 mg/d over 8 weeks, but, without clinically meaningful response. Ecitalopram at 10 mg/d, for 4 weeks, was introduced for aggression, but to no avail. We suggested a trial with Mirtazapine as data from the literature support its use for sexually-inappropriate behaviors in ASD, and also to help with sleep and irritability. We went to 45 mg/d over 4 weeks. Sleep improved markedly, irritability diminished significantly and most importantly, sexual behaviors were greatly tamed. Both frequency and severity of aggression became obviously less. This was well-sustained at follow-ups W-6, 8, and 12. We, then, opined to embark on a trial of Galantamine, as burgeoning evidence from literature favors its use for both core and behavioral symptom sets of ASD. We dosed it at 8 mg/d for 4 weeks, then up to 16 mg/d (in 2 divided doses). Strikingly, hyperactivity noticeably decreased, but, most importantly, better eye contact, vocalizations, gestures and social relatedness were observed. This was plateaued at follow-ups W-6, 8, and 12. No pharmacokinetic drug interactions reported with this combination. No side effects, of significance, were noted. These findings were objectified on Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABCL) and Krug’s Autism Behavior Checklist (ABC). Medications Chart is portrayed in table (1).
Table 1: Medication Chart.
These promising results concords with those demonstrated in a naturalistic open-label study of mirtazapine in ASD where almost a third of subjects showed improvement across different domains including aggression, self-injury, irritability, hyperactivity, anxiety, depression, and, insomnia [4].
Anti-libidinal properties of mirtazapine helped sexually-inappropriate behaviors in ASD [5-6].
Cholinergic stimulation of central serotonergic subsystem with galantamine may enhance language and communication in autistic adults as shown in three cases [7]. A prospective open-label trial of galantamine in ASD showed it was well-tolerated and beneficial for interfering behaviors, particularly aggression, behavioral dyscontrol and inattention [8]. Recently, an RCT showed galantamine was effective and safe augmentative strategy for alleviating some of autism-related symptoms [9].
Such data accrue to open new venues of psychopharmacologic interventions in ASD that are both effective and well-tolerated.
Authors declare no conflicts of interests or financial affiliations with psychopharmaceutical companies or industry-sponsored research.You will definitely get a solution to no boot disk has been found or has failed from this article.
Many reasons exist for why EF3X9011.UMD happen, including having malware, spyware, or programs not installing properly. You may have a myriad of system conflicts, registry errors, and Active X errors. Reimage concentrates on SmartPCFixer. It scans and diagnoses, then repairs your broken computer using advanced technology.
A no-charing Scan (about several minutes) to your PC's Windows Os test problems divided into three categories - Security, Stability and Hardware. Following the scan, you are able to take a look at PC's Hardware, Security and Stability in comparison with a worldwide average. You can review a summary in the problems detected throughout your scan.
Windows Errors
A Windows error is surely an error when an unexpected condition occursor each time a an apply doesn't work. When you have an error in Windows, it could be risky and urge your system to freeze and crash or it can be seemingly harmless yet annoying.
Blue Screen of Death
An end error screen or bug check screen, commonly called a blue screen of death (often known as a BSoD, bluescreen), is caused by a fatal stystem error and is also the error screen displayed by the Microsoft Windows group of operating systems upon encountering a crucial error, of a non-recoverable nature, which causes the machine to "crash".
Damaged DLLs
One of the biggest reasons for DLL's becoming corrupt/damaged is the concept of constantly installing and uninstalling programs. This often signifies that DLL's will get overwritten by newer versions each time a new program is installed, by way of example. This will cause problems for those applications and programs that also have to have the old version to use. Thus, this program actually starts to malfunction and crash.
Freezing Computer
Computer hanging or freezing takes place when either a software program or perhaps the whole system ceases to answer inputs. From the mostly encountered scenario, a treatment program freezes and windows from the frozen program become static. Almost always, the only way to overcome a process freeze would be to reboot the appliance, usually by power cycling with an on/off or reset button.
Virus Damage
After your computer continues to be contaminated with a virus, it's no more the identical. necessary to run and restart correctly, without harming your user data. Reimage also restores compromised system registry and settings values to their default Microsoft settings. You could always return your system to its pre-repair condition.
In case you are unclear what EF3X9011.UMD.Click "All Programs".
4.Run "Windows Update".
5.Look for a wizard to pop up.
6.Keep to the wizard prompts.
7.When it's completed click "Finish".
8.Restart your laptop or computer after update is done.
This sort of problem as well as numbers of other hard drive, system and configuration EF3X9011.UMD that creep up as time goes onare just what? SmartPCFixer can fix. SmartPCFixer finds these EF3X9011.UMD and corrupted settings, if they be on hard disk drives or hidden deep inside the registry, and safely repairs them.
For novice Computer User Solution (completely automated):
1) Download PC Fixer .
2) Install program and click "Scan" button.
3) Click on the "Fix Errors" button when scan is done.
4) Restart your computer. is undoubtedly an program made to help people troubleshoot typical EF3X9011.UMD trouble. Except this it can clean pc registry and speed up Personal computer. With some highly effective functions, SmartPCFixer could offer your PC system like completely new!
What is SmartPCFixer and How Will It Work?
SmartPCFixer is a top-ranking error-resolution registry cleaner that can fix the pc errors and optimize the system settings. You can optimize, clean and scan and maintain your personal computer far healthier from it! It may help identify and fix Windows' invalid registry entries. It will keep your PC from freezing or frequent crashes, by running Scan & Cleaner as part of scheduled maintenance. Making use of it will reduce the odds of you obtaining a "blue screen", program not responding or lock up.
Checking your computing device to make sure whether it's normal or not. Below is a summary of some preventive maintenance tips you can do for your computer.
1.Cleaning your laptop or computer hardware.
2.Download the latest drivers for your own laptop.
3.In order to resist the virus, you must keep anti-virus software newest.
4.Running disk software utilities including Defrag and ScanDisk on the hard disk drive.
5.Cut out unuseful files on your pc.
6.If you don't shut off your pc it may be good to reboot your laptop or computer every few months, unless the pc is really a critical computer for instance a computer server.23/08/11
Urine test for TB shows promise
[NEW DELHI] Testing urine samples for specific chemicals could serve as a quick and painless way to detect tuberculosis (TB), according to Indian researchers.
The urine test offers a less invasive diagnostic method for an infectious disease that causes three million deaths and 10 million new cases worldwide each year. Developing countries account for 95 per cent of new infections and 98 per cent of deaths.
The Delhi-based International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB) and the Lala Ram Sarup Institute of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, collaborated with the National University of Singapore to develop the test.
The test measures five specific chemicals present in urine, the researchers reported last month (July).
Their technique measures five 'volatile organic compounds' (VOCs) in urine that have a low boiling point and vaporise at room temperature.
The team tested the method in 117 fresh cases of TB and found significantly different levels of these chemicals in TB patients, compared with healthy people.
It found a distinct pattern — three VOCs showed higher levels and two lower levels — in TB patients, not seen in healthy persons or in patients with lung ailments such as lung cancer or asthma.
The levels could also indicate the effect of treatment, the team said.
"A major advantage of the proposed method is the non-invasive nature of urine collection. Urine is a comparatively safer matrix as compared to sputum and painless in collection as compared to blood," it added.
ICGEB scientist Ranjan Nanda, one of the authors of the paper, explained to SciDev.Net that this was the first stage.
Nanda's team plans to validate the findings from multiple sites across India and involve a larger number of patients using improved data acquisition methods.
The team also plans to profile other VOCs in urine samples “to identify the maximum number of molecules,” Nanda said.
Link to abstract in Analytical Chemistry
References
Analytical Chemistry doi:10.1021/ac200265g (2011)
Forum!
You two shall bear witness to the end of the world, and what comes after. But not alone... no. Two orphans that aren't orphans, a betrayer that has been betrayed, and a sibling of a traitor shall bear
free, forum, worlds, apart, world, soul
End Clan Alliance - ECA
clan, alliance, world, warcraft
Free forum : high park carp forum
free, forum, high, park, carp, syndicate forum for like minder racing drivers to post events, times, championships etc. No room for grumpy people
free, forum, high, speed, cost, like, minded, racing, drivers, post, events, times, championships, room, grumpy, people
Development Forum
Penn Manor High School Anime & Manga Club: Discussing, loving, and sharing all things anime and manga.
penn, manor, anime, manga, club, high, school, discussing, loving, sharing
Free forum : Roleplaying Community
high, life, roleplaying, community, hlrp
The empire of Tallendon
roleplay, high-fantasy, fantasy, dragons, elves, tallendon, forum, vampires, werewolves
Free forum : MU Origin 1. 4. 3 High rates server
origin, mobile, private, free, android, high, rates, server
Welcome to DHQC, your free and high quality celebrity pictures forum : )
pictures, celebs, celebritiesIn the area of platforms, Christian Ritz and Falk Schöning highlighted the Commission’s Impact Assessment: “Fairness in platform-to-business relations” (which is running until 22 November). In this,. Falk Schöning explained that the Commission currently contemplates whether regulation or antitrust enforcement of platforms is the more efficient way to tackle digital markets. He talked about the term “Hipster antitrust”, which is a US term applied to the call for interventionist regulation for the big internet players. Falk said that the Commission is trying to obtain more data on the power of these large companies in order to understand the impact of the big players on SME’s in Europe. This will feed into the debate on whether a more interventionist approach is needed on online markets. The Study will be published in the next few months.
E-Commerce
Salomé Cisnal De Ugarte highlighted that in May 2017 the Commission adopted its final report on the E-Commerce Sector Enquiry. She said that in relation to digital content the Commission found there were concerns with substantial competition restrictions e.g. geo-blocking. Regarding consumer goods, the Commission found that manufacturers were trying to control the distribution of their products and there has been an increase in selective distribution systems. The Sector Enquiry has led the Commission to open a series of investigations as a result and more are expected. Looking ahead, Salomé said that the CJEU ruling in the Coty case is expected in December and this will provide clarity around the legality of the use of selective distribution systems.
Audiovisual Media Services (AVMS)
Alberto Bellan explained the Commission’s proposed reforms in relation to the AVMS Directive. He said the main goal of the reforms is to create a level-playing field between the traditional AVMS services (linear broadcasting) and on the other hand OTT services and video-sharing platforms. Some of the reforms the Commission has proposed include extending the scope of the AVMS Directive to video-sharing platforms and introducing new obligations on them. In relation to promoting EU works, the Commission has proposed that Member States be allowed to require financial contributions from on-demand providers based in their territory or targeting their national audience. Alberto said this is a major departure from the country of origin principle of the AVMS Directive. He said the disagreements in the Trilogue phase are slowing down the negotiations and we do not expect a final vote on the reforms before the end of 2018.
Al Shaw discussed the draft Copyright Directive. He highlighted that the Council IP Working Party is currently considering the reforms. It may be assumed that the European Parliament will vote on the changes not before the end of Q1/2018. Al mentioned that the two most controversial aspects of the reforms are Article 11 (the new press publishers right) and Article 13 (the “value gap” proposal in relation to hosting provider obligations). Al also pointed out that, in relation to the press publishers right it seems likely that this will end up as a presumption that the publisher is entitled to enforce rights and conclude licences. In relation to Article 13, there have been a number of changes recently proposed by the Estonian presidency and we will have to wait until January to see how the European Parliament votes.
Nils Rauer particularly discussed the draft Online Transmission and Retransmissions Regulation, which is intended to facilitate the clearing of rights. For broadcasters’ online services the regulation applies the country of origin principle from the SatCab Directive to broadcasters’ online services. For online retransmission services (e.g. where services are bundled and retransmitted online) the regulation introduces mandatory collective licensing for the clearing of rights. Nils said that certain compromise amendments were leaked on 4 October. The final vote is expected on 22 November this year. However, we have seen such votes being postponed several times. Thus, we will see whether the draft will indeed stay on the agenda.
E-Privacy
Nick Westbrook discussed the draft E-Privacy Regulation, which was proposed by the Commission in January 2017 in order to bring existing e-privacy laws into line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and technological developments. It includes rules around the use of communications data, cookies and direct marketing. He said the draft Regulation is getting a lot of attention because it includes proposals to raise the level of fines for breaches and introduce a higher standard of consent (in line with the GDPR). In addition, under the draft Regulation the rules around the use of communications data will apply to OTT providers (e.g. Skype, WhatsApp) and M2M communications. The next steps are for the European Council to finalise their position, and following that the Trilogue discussions will begin.
Telecoms
Dina Jubrail discussed the current status of the draft Electronic Communications Code, a proposal for common EU rules on telecoms regulation. Dina said that in October MEPs in the European Parliament’s Industry Committee (ITRC) approved a sweeping telecoms bill, which watered down the original proposals and introduced a controversial price cap on calls between Member States. The next step is for the legislation to be agreed in the Trilogue phase. Dina explained that the Commission has also sought to elevate the status of BEREC with full blown agency powers and a Commission-appointed Executive Director that would have had voting rights over national regulatory decisions. The ITRC has rejected this proposal. She also touched on the alignment of the European Parliament and the Commission in relation to the harmonisation of spectrum licensing and the 5G Action Plan. Parliament has suggested that the Commission should provide it with an annual 5G Action Plan review on progress, together with any recommendations.
Watch this space
For the latest information, updates and news on the DSM initiative, please visit DSM Watch, our dedicated microsite.Paul Siegenthaler presents 'Creating a winning ERP change strategy'
Assima is to host an event for senior project and change managers with Paul Siegenthaler on creating a winning ERP change strategy, drawing on Paul's experience with large change projects.
Assima has announced it will be joined by Paul Siegenthaler who will be talking to senior project and change managers about creating a winning ERP change strategy using the lessons he has learnt from leading large and complex change projects for over 20 years.
The event will be held at Assima’s headquarters in Moorgate, London from 17:00-19:00pm on Wednesday 24th September, including a reception afterwards for networking and further discussions. There is no charge to attend this event but places are limited and pre-registration is required.
“At Assima we are regularly involved with major business change projects, especially those involving updating or replacing large ERP applications and we know the importance of careful planning and budgeting” said Paul Ellis, Vice President of Marketing at Assima. “It is great that Paul Sieghenthaler is able to share his expertise with us in driving major business transformation programmes across Western Europe and North America, helping numerous merging companies integrate successfully.”
Paul Siegenthaler is a renowned speaker and more recently an author with an acute cross-cultural awareness and a truly international perspective gained from living in five European countries as well as the USA, and is the author of Perfect M&As – The Art of Business Integration.
More information and registration is available via Assima's project management event web page.
About Paul Sieghenthaler
Paul J. Siegenthaler has helped numerous merging or acquired companies to integrate successfully, and has driven major business transformation programmes across Western Europe and North America, ensuring they deliver the business case shareholders had been promised.
A Swiss national whose family background extends to the UK and Greece, he has lived in five European countries and in the USA, acquiring an acute cross-cultural awareness and a truly international perspective.
Following a Masters degree in Economics from H.E.C. Lausanne and an MBA at London Business School, Paul spent the first 17 years of his career as Managing Director reshaping companies acquired by an international group, before focusing solely on the business integration of broad scale international mergers and acquisitions, in several industries.
Paul considers Switzerland to be his home, although he spends most of his time traversing Europe, because business integrations cannot be driven from behind a desk.
Learning Live
Those unable to make the event, can also visit Assima PLC at Learning Live on 10th and 11th September in London, as it is once again delighted to be a premium exhibitor at the event. The Learning Live exhibition provides delegates with the opportunity to get up close and personal with the latest technologies, products and services in learning. More information can be found at:My second Huffington Post piece has now been published.
You can read the original article here.
The twenties has been an epiphanic decade for me and, generally, the epiphanies have been embarrassing. Just last year, I learnt that “awry” is pronounced aw-rye and not aw-ree. When in primary school, a Sikh friend convincingly told me that the “Kara” (a steel or iron bracelet that form part of the 5 “K’s” of Sikhism) could only be removed if it had drawn the blood of a Muslim. Not thinking about the logistics of this, I went on believing it to be true until I witnessed the tears of laughter from a Sikh friend at university.
As details emerge of the shootings in a Sikh temple in Wisconsin, initial reports, as well as the opinions of my Sikh friends, are converging to one point – that these shootings are a case of mistaken identity. The killer reportedly believed Sikhs to be Muslims on account of their turbans and beards. The ignorance of the killer aside, this sets a worrying precedent for the already fractured relationship between Sikhs and Muslims.
In 2001, Balbir Singh Sodhi was murdered at the gas station he owned just four days after 9/11 by Frank Silva Roque for being a “turbanhead”. Since then, there have been numerous instances, both at home and abroad, of Sikhs being mistakenly targeted as Muslims. In 2004, there were reports of a 16-year old Muslim boy being wounded by a ceremonial sword (the “Kirpan”, another one of the 5 “K’s” of Sikhism) at a Vaisakhi festival in Walsall. Two Sikh youths were subsequently attacked in an act of reprisal.
To appreciate the root of the differences between Sikhs and Muslims, we must turn to 17th century Mughal India. Sikhs opposed the forced conversion to Islam by Mughal emperors and, by the end of the century, had established their credentials as the “Warrior Caste” by being the first army in history to destroy the Mughal Empire and conquer Afghanistan. The Sikh Empire established by Ranjit Singh spread over Lahore, Kashmir, Peshawar and Multan in modern day Pakistan, and would rule for 50 years in the Punjab until its defeat by the British in 1849.
Indian and Pakstani independence in 1947 would further disrupt relationships between Sikhs and Muslims. The powerful Punjab region was split along religious lines (much like the rest of British India) and would see both Sikhs and Muslims displaced. Violence erupted along the borders of the newly formed Pakistan and India, leading to deaths on both sides. Today, many Muslims and Sikhs fondly remember their homes in Amritsar (India) and Lahore (Pakistan) respectively – now in opposing states – and despair at the loss of life.
It is this history that keeps Sikhs and Muslims largely independent of each other, even in the UK which has the largest Sikh population outside of India in the world. But there have also been instances of Sikhs and Muslims coming together; the dance group Signature is a Muslim-Sikh duo. Perhaps most notably, Sikhs and Muslims came together during last year’s riots when they joined forces to protect Southall from rioters.
It is this kind of unity that is needed now to prevent a backlash from the attacks in Wisconsin and the difficult history of their relationship. It takes one flashpoint — a misinformed argument or a revenge attack – to create a wave of mistrust and misunderstanding. Just like Sikhs are not Muslims, Muslims are not terrorists. If true, it is alarming that people are willing to go into a place of worship to attack Muslims who had nothing to do with 9/11, just as much as Sikhs didn’t.
Both groups have experience of being a vilified minority, both at the hands of each other and by others. I am proud of my Punjabi heritage (my dad is a Pakistani from the Punjab), have been known to teach Punjabi to my Sikh friends and dance to Bhangra music (who wouldn’t want to?). In this month of Ramadan, Muslims and Sikhs should unite in their condemnation at these attacks, which are not only against Sikhs but against humanity.Offering an outdoor pool, Foxy house is located in Pskov. With free parking for all guests, Trinity Cathedral in Pskov is a 16-minute drive away and Pskovavia, Aeroport is less than 15 km away.
The accommodation includes with a TV and a balcony. There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven. Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a bath and a hairdryer. Guests can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
At Foxy house there is a communal sauna, a 24-hour front desk and a ...garden. Other facilities offered at the property include ski storage, a children\'s playground and laundry facilities. An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and fishing.
Lake Pskov is less than 20 km away and Pskov Krom is 13 km away.Did you hear? Researchers have been studying gossip and its surprisingly positive effects on the human psyche. It turns out that spilling the beans can have a lot of social benefits. Hey, you can't fight evolution.
Whisper Campaign
When Gossip is Good
Written by Ashley Hamer April 11, 2017
Wake up with the smartest email in your inbox.
Our best articles a few times a week.Rounding up guidebook and Internet advice, here are some places to visit and things to see and do while I’m in Vietnam. Part 1 because I know commenters will have suggestions!
Do they break out in song? Do they dance?
See a show at Thang Long Water Puppet Theater in Hanoi, or some other water puppetry venue. Apparently this art form developed as a way of appeasing spirits and entertaining fellow workers in flooded rice fields. Today, puppeteers stand offstage and manipulate the puppets via bamboo poles and string, and the puppets appear to walk on water. The shows are usually comedic. Sounds like fun!
Yum
Eat a lot. Here are some foods I’ve been encouraged to sample: phở bò, bánh xèo, bún thịt nướng, cơm tấm, bánh mì, banh bao vac, lau, and French-influenced foods like croissants and duck. I think every single person who learns I’m going to Vietnam says a variation on “oh the food!” This is a promising start.
Mlle. O'Leary has a souvenir t-shirt from here
Visit war memorials and museums. I have a longtime fascination with what we Americans call the Vietnam War, and I’m interested to see it presented from the other side. The Hanoi Hilton, the Ho Chi Minh Museum and his mausoleum, and the National Museum of Vietnamese History are all in Hanoi and should give a pretty comprehensive view of the struggle, and there’s also the Vietnam History Museum and War Remnants Museum in Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon).
Thien Mu Pagoda, Hue
Take a boat to Thien Mu Pagoda in Hue. It’s one of the oldest structures in Hue (a town midway between the two major cities of Vietnam, on the coast), and it’s still a working temple populated by monks.
Image 1. Image 2. Image 3. Image 4.Surprise, surprise. In H1 2017, the National Capital Region (NCR) maintained its lead over Bengaluru, the Silicon Valley of India, vs Bengaluru, which raised $780 million from 156 deals.
Earlier in the year, Paytm had raised $200 million from the Alibaba Group and SAIF Partners. NCR’s numbers were further boosted by the $690 million that wind energy firm ReNew Power raised over three rounds from Asian Development Bank, Japanese investor JERA and Piramal Capital ($100 million in structured credit). Other big investments included the $250 million Series C funding that OYO Rooms raised and the $100 million that logistics bigwig Delhivery raised from Tiger Global and the Carlyle Group.
Bengaluru-based Flipkart also raised $71 million from Naspers in June. Other large deals out of the city included the $484 million that cab aggregator Ola raised in three separate deals. Mumbai was a distant third with 87 deals in the period against 101 last year. The big deal there was the $60.2 million that FreeCharge received from parent company Jasper Infotech (aka Snapdeal), which is now in the thick of an acquisition impasse itself. Hyderabad (19 deals vs 20 last year) and Pune (16 deals vs 25).
Like a forgotten hero, Kolkata has been pretty much absent from all the startup hungama, but still managed to gain five deals this year, up from just two deals in H1 2016. New entrants on the list this time around are Panaji, Kochi, Mussoorie, Surat and Gwalior, with one deal each.
Kanpur, Indore, Lucknow, Bhopal, and Varanasi didn’t make the cut–each of these had at least one deal in H1 2016 but didn’t get any traction in the first half of this year. State capitals Trivandrum and Chandigarh stayed put, recording one deal each. Jaipur, though, had a dry spell, bagging just four deals compared with 11 in H1 2016.
Also read: Yeh hai Mumbai meri jaan—there’s always a silver lining for startups here
Bengaluru’s position at the top appears threatened despite the fact that it is home to some of the biggest startups in India. The traits that make Bengaluru the startup capital are obvious—the IT sector which provides the ideal talent pool for tech startups. Although Mumbai has a monopoly over startups in fin-tech with a mature talent pool, the financial capital of the country lags in tech and product development.
In fact, many prominent startups—Ola and FreeCharge among them—had moved base from Mumbai to Bengaluru not too long after inception to tap the tech talent available in the IT capital. FreeCharge founder Kunal Shah has earlier told YourStory that the company’s move to Bengaluru strengthened their technology team.
The Karnataka government, too, was the first in the country to come up with a startup policy, including initiatives like the startup booster kit to look for infrastructure, money for manufacturing prototypes for proofs of concept, patenting, etc. in addition to providing co-working spaces like the ‘Startup Warehouse.’
Incidentally, Bengaluru fell five spots to #20 in the Global Startup Ecosystem Ranking for 2017. The report by Startup Genome said the city had been displaced after the arrival of the Chinese cities of Shanghai and Beijing, which boast better quality of talent, infrastructure andexits. Swedish capital Stockholm was the other new entrant on the list. The other Asian city on the list in 2016, Singapore, fell two spots to #12.
So, what makes NCR the new favourite? For one, it does comprise three separate cities that are home to rapidly evolving technology hubs. Gurgaon, for instance, has fewer IT MNCs than Bengaluru but does have significant tech talent, nonetheless. This is further boosted by the presence of IIT Delhi and a slew of private universities, where graduates are happy to skip placements and give entrepreneurship a shot.
There doesn’t seem to be a dearth of experienced entrepreneurs either. As home to several of India’s biggest startups by valuation (Paytm, Mobikwik, Snapdeal, etc.) it also has a growing number of people who have left these companies to form their own startups—the NCR-equivalent of the PayPal mafia.
It is also the magnet that attracts tech and entrepreneurial talent from all across northern India. The consumer base is larger and propensity for higher spending in the three hubs is higher than Bengaluru. Against this backdrop, combined with the fact that Bengaluru is already a crowded tech ecosystem, newer startups are willing to pilot new ventures in NCR.
The Bengaluru vs NCR debate aside, the fact that India has another thriving starthub is only cause for celebration. Mumbai—are you listening?
[YS Research graphs by Irfan; featured image by Muhammed Fayiz on UnsplTown Square
Teachers Held Hostage
Original post made by Sara, Bridle Creek, on May 29, 2009
a resident of Downtown
on May 30, 2009 at 8:22 am
I hope that you notified the principal about this. That is a teacher who needs to be fired.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 8:31 am
Sara, I find what you say hard to believe, if in fact a teacher did send home a Vote Yes on G you should go directly to the School District office, you won't be doing this because I am sure this did not happen
A No already voter I am guessing!
a resident of Birdland
on May 30, 2009 at 8:37 am
Did that really happen? Completely inappropriate.
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on May 30, 2009 at 8:39 am
If that in fact is true you should sned a copy of the note to the district with the name of the teacher as that teacher has clearly violated the law.
There is no doubt in my mind however that some teachers have used their positions to "encourage" a yes vote on G. I think this is unethical and shows the desperation of those in support of G.
a resident of Vintage Hills
on May 30, 2009 at 8:44 am
Sara, I hope you will contact the Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC). Sadly, filing a complaint with the school or the district is not likely to do much good. There have been rumors of this nature during this campaign, including using classroom lists for emailing pro G information from district computers (this has happened multiple times in my grandchild's school). Of course, those opposed are not allowed that kind of equal access, but I don't think it is proper to use any captive audience, particularly children, to campaign on either side.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 9:12 am
How is sending home a note any different from calling parents, discussing it at back to school night, and at other parent contact points? It seems the parents are a "captive audience" as the schools use any opportunity to bring it up directly or indirectly.
My friend recently took her son to a Kindergarten "tour" and the last TWENTY minutes of the tour were spent with the principal themselved explaining what "position" she will be in if G doesn't pass...and that it is "very likely" that they will only have 4 classrooms for all 120 incoming Kindergarteners. Apparently the parents frantically began asking if there were any options and she boiled it down to the passage of G.
The principal shouldn't have opened the door at all to the discussion-particularly because this is not a known yet. Even the Board hasn't definitively decided this. The principal initiated the topic to purposely, it seems, rile up the parents.
At least when the Pro-G people walk door to door for their cause, they are not utilizing rosters that were most-likely appropriated from the district's records of students and it just seems/feels more honest.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 9:24 am
Sara,
Take the note, copy it, send it to all the school board members, all the local newspapers, and the FPCC.
The teachers were aware of the rules regarding campaigning. If a teacher decided to disobey the rules, then she must face the consequences.
Isn't that what she's supposed to be teaching our kids?
a resident of Downtown
on May 30, 2009 at 10:09 am
Good suggestions for their bad practices. I had a phone call at home from someone reading a message and asking that I call another person if I had questions about why I need to vote yes on G. It happens that I sleep during the day and work at night. The phone call woke me up. Before heading to work I called the person whose name and number had been left on the machine, it happened to be around midnight. Her husband answered with "kinda late for making phone calls isn't it!?" My point exactly. You woke me up to leave an unwanted message so turnabout is fair play.
The yes on Greed folks just have no boundaries. I plan to enforce the boundary around my wallet with my already mailed in NO vote.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 10:28 am
You have been given a lot of good suggestions Sara, what are you
going to do? Will you take this further than just posting it on a blog?
And "No on G" isn't it funny how it is always a "friend of a friend" heard
this, if in fact teachers and principals are acting inappropriate there are
proper channels you can take to make complaints and if the district doesn't
respond properly as Kathleen said they won't you can still keep going, lots
of ways to make them follow the rules
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 10:31 am
Receiving a phone call during day time hours is not bad practice, it is the norm. How this shows greed and a lack of boundaries is beyond me.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 30, 2009 at 3:32 pm
Sara and others could post the names of the teachers who are violating campaign rules, but then there would be an uproar about how unfair it is to name specific individuals on the blogs.
I'll agree with Kathleen. Complaints about teachers violating campaign rules won't get addressed by the school district.
There were teachers at Valley View distributing campaign literature on school time and on school property. Complaints were made to the school district. What happened the the Valley View teachers? Nothing.
I think all campaign and soliciting calls are annoying no matter what time of the day or night they come. Doesn't everyone?
a resident of Foothill Knolls
on May 30, 2009 at 8:55 pm
The only course of action for any violations is to contact the Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC). Everyone is correct the district will not do anything about this. So much for who ever is in charge of this at the district, they sure are not getting the job done. I encourage everyone including Sara and the Valley View parents to call the FPPC. I have and they are keeping track of any violations and will be investigating.
Don't forget to vote on Tuesday, remember it takes only 67% of the voters who cast a vote to pass this measure, so if No voters don't vote, then the measure will pass.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on May 31, 2009 at 12:37 am
Sounds like Obama's ACORN - or the teachers union - have conducted "teacher training" sessions on how to muscle more votes for the government ... in this case government schools...at the expense of the kids and parents.
I am surprised that anyone is surprised that this occurred! This is S31 Days of May
The days get at you and the nights get upon you
The days of being in a chicken coup of repetition
The days of scratching at fence posts to pass the time
The Western sky and attempting to count the stars that fly
Planting fields and counting sunsets to reach that Western dream
The homesick gardener and the first bloom of Spring
31 days of poetry and 31 days of May
AdvertisementsA.”Hoyer also called the comments “outrageous” and, raising his voice, explained his reaction: “I have three daughters. And if he had treated one of my daughters that way, I would be even more outraged than I am for Sandra Fluke.” Hoyer also invoked the Army-McCarthy hearings, asking Limbaugh, “Have you no shame?”
The No. 2 House Dem approvingly quoted the president of Georgetown University, who described Limbaugh’s comments as “misogynistic” and “vitriolic.” He joins House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), who called on the GOP to repudiate the remarks and said Republicans would otherwise be “tattooed with that.”.- This event has passed.
Annual Fundraising Yard SaleSeptember 2, 2017
Struts Gallery & Faucet Media Arts Centre will host their annual fundraising yard sale from 7:00 am to 12:00 pm on Saturday, September 2. Arrive early for the best selection of books, music, clothing, housewares, furniture, art supplies and odds & ends! All goods have been generously donated by members of the community and all proceeds go directly to the ongoing programming at Struts & Faucet. … Continue reading White Sand for Miles
AdvertisementsJust had to /August 6, 2011 by Emily Schroeder Willis I always try and put some flowers in one of my vases for our monthly First Fridays event and these ones were just too great to not photograph. This vase is still for sale! You can buy it off of my Etsy site if you are interested :)Another short story- Eagle Summit/
Per Wikipedia (a most reliable source)- In 1916, Hudson Stuck, who was one of the first people to climb Mount McKinley's South Peak, wrote, .
Since signing up for the Quest 300 in October, I had successfully ignored Eagle Summit. Not once did I think about the monstrous descent that’s known for howling winds, blinding whiteouts, heroic rescues, broken sleds, broken mushers, and terrifying stories. I was able to laugh and giggle as the trail breakers described the rock and tundra swept summit at the Mushers Meeting. “You need to at least unhook the tugs of half your dogs, if not bring chains to wrap around your runners,” they said. I smiled and nodded my head but made sure the true meaning of their warning didn’t sink into my mind. I’d say my ability to compartmentalize and completely disregard uncomfortable events is one of my strengths. It keeps me happy in the here and now.
Well, at Mile 101, I could no longer ignore the inevitable. Eagle Summit loomed massive and hazy just a short distance away. As my dogs lay resting on a knoll in the sunshine, I sat in the Mile 101 cabin, eating bacon and chatting with Kristin and Andy from Hey Moose! Kennel. Trying to ease concerns, Kristin said, “I heard the drop is only like 3 seconds long. That doesn’t sound too bad. You guys will be fine.”
Fast forward 1 1/2 hours and 1500 feet elevation. The dogs and I stood atop Eagle Summit with the sun setting. A light breeze swirled around us with deep reds and fading light on the peaks to the south. It was one of the most beautiful views I’ve ever seen. If I wasn’t so concerned about descending with my dog team still calm and composed from the long climb up, I would have stayed to witness a photographer’s dream sunset. Seeing as the last thing I wanted was an amped up dog team on the steepest trail EVER, I crested the summit and started down.
The first pitch was as the trail breakers had described. It felt like the team leapt off a cliff, floated briefly, then flattened for a nice long runout. Whew, ok, we survived that slope. After regaining control of the team, we side-hilled over to the next pitch. Right before reaching the top, I quickly stopped, ran forward and unhooked a half dozen tug lines, raced back to the sled, then hollered “Ready!...Alright!” With only half the normal pulling power, our pace slowed as we climbed the small hill before ‘the big one.’ I felt like a little kid on a roller coaster. Slowly, methodically, creeping up the hill before the cart dumps over the other side, sending your heart into your throat. Giddy and tense, you feel like screaming with excitement. So I did, “OOOOOOOOeeeeeeeee!!!!” My dogs all stopped dead in their tracks, turned around, and stared as if to say, “What’s your problem?” I felt rather ridiculous. Ok, continue on.
Whoooosh. We hurtled down the final pitch. I focused all my energy on pushing hard on the claw break and keeping the sled upright. We raced down the trench left by mushers before us, jolting us left and right. My flexible sled bent and torqued as it bounced on tussocks and patches of sugar snow. I thought of Kristin... Kristin said three seconds, ok, one....two....three... four. Oh, focus, don’t tip. Counting, right... one... two...three...
Well, I have no idea how long we flew down the final pitch. I remember feeling elated as the terrain smoothed out. I hollered another “OOOOeeee!” and I think this time the dogs understood why I was so ecstatic. I stopped the team and all the dogs stood happily, wagging their tails. With perfect weather and good trail conditions, we survived our first descent of the infamous Eagle Summit. Until next time, o treacherous one.
Another GREAT photo by Scott Chesney"
As a student ambassador at my university, I have plenty of experience teaching and tutoring GCSE and A Level students in four subjects: English Language, History, Sociology, and Spanish. The role of a student ambassador includes teaching gr.. a committed and passionate tutor, specifically in English and Drama and RE and Philosophy. I am a recent graduate of the prestigious Royal Central School of Speech and Drama graduating with a First Class BA (Hons) degree in Acting ....Read more
I am an enthusiastic friendly and supportive History postgraduate with a track record of getting desired results; I have a Masters Degree from The London School of Economics. I have taught students from a variety of backgrounds and ages i..’m a Professional dancer and Languages tutor with 17 years of formation and 6 years of experience teaching different styles of Dance and languages to children, youths and adults in different countries. I was born in Italy and lived almo...Read more
Hello ! I'm Nadia and I am currently a final year International Relations and History student. I have a passion for humanities, social and political sciences but more importantly, I feel I have a firm understanding on a number of subjects....Read moreTreatment of sleep apnea improves heart function and decreases the risk of coronary events and stroke.
Sleep apnea is a breathing disorder characterized by brief but repetitive..
Symptoms of sleep apnea
There are no specific symptoms for sleep apnea, which can make diagnosis difficult. Sometimes symptoms of snoring and daytime sleepiness can help identify individuals at risk for sleep apnea.
Why choose Ohio State for sleep apnea treatment?..google-site-verification: google32858caf123d9725.html
01/02/2013
82 Comments
The significance of education for the students has increased in the modern era of human beings. The constantly changing concepts and things require continuous study of subjects so that students can understand and comprehend the difficulties of life.
I can say this is the perfect blog for everybody who read and post here everyday. I dont know why I always visit here maybe its so nice to read here a interesting topics all day. So ill be back more to check more updates and new comments.
I really had a great time with your post!
I really had a great time with your post! I am looking forward to read more blog post regarding this! Well written!
i am very like with your post
article on this site very much once found a variety of very useful reference source for readers .... thank you very much ...
your writing very good, indeed very beneficial for all. Thank you for the information.
this post very useful for me, thank you in advance
i glad to get this post
Really amazing and incredible this post
Posting of good and i like this
I was so happy to see my most loved bloggers back to posting this week. Don't hesitate to share some you could call your own most loved like in the post.
You to create the article contains the informations of important
a media information can be received good.
it is appropriate that we as visitors to this website to fill out column comments that have been prepared.
Greetings of peace be with you buddy cyberspace. To introduce myself, I am a new member on this site. hope all is here to make friends as well as providing helpful comments like the above article...
By filling in this comment column, it means that we have contributed to the development of this site. Go forward to this site
Never wasted any information that has been published on every website you've ever visited, because any information or news could be useful someday for anyone.
I am grateful to God and to the owner of this blog, because I have found a site that always provide a positive inspiration. I just read every article posted on this site, can get a lot of positive inspiration.
Reach ideals to share something useful and can be useful to others, surely you will be given the ease way. Thanks for sharing the news through this site.
the author of the article, I hope always passion to update the news as reading or contemplation for all visitors of the site. Yes awaited the latest news. Thank you very much.
Somehow we must say to comment on posts already perfect as above. Just say thank you to the admin
United we stand, divided we fall. Therefore we as bloggers should be mutually supportive in terms of the smallest such as to support this blog by filling a positive comment
Wherever you are able to get all the science in the world, just by visiting a website like this.
Be thankful you all are can visit on this site, because it can get real-time news and still warm for free
Very happy to be visiting a site that a lot of information / news about all the events or phenomena that are happening in this world
The story of this post is very exceptional and could inspire other inspiration to give a useful works for everyone.
Because I love to read, I was a frequent visitor to this site because it presents many articles are interesting to observe. Therefore, I always leave the comments for my support the cuman read-only read any news or articles are posted here, but differ with me as a thank you I fill this comment column.
A student who just learned in school, can not be considered as a true learner, because not only can learn from school, learning can be done anywhere and from anywhere, one that can pass this cool site. Here a lot of information that can increase knowledge.
Yuhuu, there is news that is informative, must be listened to in order not to miss the information and also add insight and knowledge.
Blog best are giving a lot of articles written based on personal experience. While your blog included
you write this article contains many important points that I need
It would be nice if we could share with each other by filling out the comments on this site, so any news that is posted can be more meaningful and perfect.
To all the visitors of this blog, if you want information that is not less interesting to the information an existing on this website please click on the name of this comment.
The virtual world has always been a target for anyone who is looking for news or information as a science and others. This makes the Internet increasingly favored by everyone and most influential behind all that is the admin of all sites like this site.
With sincerity an admin of a site, take the time to present important information to the visitors.
Only on this website you can find a lot of knowledge, news and useful information
Hello sir, after I read the article you get to the bottom, It is very interesting to look at, it can provide benefits, and also the lessons, I really like it.
Hi all who visit here, do not forget to comment on the news or articles that you have read as an expression of your support for this site.
Rarely there are websites / blogs that post news / articles / information that is exceptional as was the above.
Why in Indonesia character of citizens lack the aesthetic sense of ethics, because is really hard to say thank after they were given the information for free of charge as in any news story posted on this site.
Greetings of Prosperous and Good luck to all of them. Hopefully with the comments of the visitors, the site can be more popular. Thank you for the admin of this site for providing information that is useful for everyone.
Naturally, if the website is a lot of visitors including me. That is because each news is displayed on the web is a lot of public attention. Thank you for kak admin who have rendered behind all of this.
no need to expect anything to others, as long as we are happy to be an admin on a site. Passion for writing and keep submitting your creativity
For all users and members on this site, let's be more passionate support admins to update informative articles or news.
I Have never seen like this blog, leave a lot of the latest knowledge that is beneficial to us all
After I read your article, I conclude that you are a creative person
open your eyes to see me as a a good visitor at this site, because participating leave a comment here.
Just by surfing through blogs / sites, we can explore the wide world. Keep spirit to all bloggers.
Today I've been rotating around the world through the Internet and luckily met with the site, because information like the above that I needed.
Do not be easily satisfied from what we can only visit at one site only, you should visit to all sites like this, because you will be the knowledge of a world without borders.
Take advantage of everything for good purposes that we all get the blessing of what we do as well as by commenting on this site to provide motivation to an admin to update the news. Thank you for everything.
Need to rent a car? Lowest car hire prices available on the web. Once you find the car hire deal that's right for you, we'll transfer you directly to the car rental company to make your booking.
Yuhuu, there is news that is informative, must be listened to in order not to miss the information and also add insight and knowledge.
Really amazing and incredible this post
I am happy to visit your blog, because there is a lot of information I need ~Located in Mank, Reiterbauernhof Schönlehenhof offers accommodation with free bikes, a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities. All rooms feature an a kitchenette, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a private bathroom. Both free WiFi and private parking are available on site.
Guest rooms in the farm stay are fitted with a coffee machine. Reiterbauernhof Schönlehenhof offers some units with mountain views, and every room includes a kettle. All guest rooms include a ward...robe.
A buffet breakfast is available every morning at the accommodation.
Reiterbauernhof Schönlehenhof offers a children\'s playground.
Mariazell is 36 km from the farm stay, while Sankt Pölten is 24 km from the property. The nearest airport is Blue Danube Linz Airport, 87 km from the property.Entrelac 101 by Cynthia Spencer
© Really Clear Designs
© Really Clear Designs
Entrelac 101
This pattern is available for $6.99 USD
buy it now
Entrelac is a knitting technique that gives you a fabric which looks woven, but actually isn’t! It is easy and fun to learn. And it is the very easiest in the round. So if you’ve never tried it, this pretty cowl is a great place to start!
You may use any type or weight of yarn for the project. The original models are shown in a DK-weight (5.5 stitches per inch) yarn. Sizing for other types of yarn and longer and shorter cowls is giving in the pattern.
About this pattern
About this yarn
About this yarn
by Ella Rae
DK
100% Merino
302 yards / 100 grams
rating of 4.6 from 270 votes
985 projects
stashed
1270 times
More from Cynthia Spencer
1 project
2 projects
Bundles with this pattern
All bundles by Cynthia Spencer...
- Page created: June 13, 2017
- Last updated: June 13, 2017 …
- visits in the last 24 hours
- visitors right nowWould you like to take a walk with me? There’s some chores to do but we won’t notice that, it’s such a beautiful day.
After checking on the animals (feeding, watering, cuddling) it’s time for a little walk around, taking in the view. Everything is bathed in red gold light, the air is fresh but not cold. The perfect day for a wander before breakfast.
The bees are being wrapped up for the cold season, despite the warm days we are still having. We know the cold weather is coming so we bask in every mild day we get. It is the golden season and we are loving it. Now our walk is done we can head in for a cup of tea before the busy day begins; looking out of the windows at the evolving day, knowing there is nowhere better to be.Apple to control the TV. This Remote app works using Bluetooth. Apple TV uses WiFi for streaming media content from AirPlay or Apple iTunes store. It also streams content from various sources like Hulu, Netflix, and YouTube. Apple TV offers live stream for many events using Tune-in. There are 4 generations of TVs in Apple. The latest and best is 4th Generation Apple TV. Kodi Apple Tv is best for media center. So, you have to install Kodi on Apple TV to improve your TV usage.
Contents
- 1 How to Install Kodi for Apple TV
- 1.1 Download Kodi TV for Apple TV 4
- 1.2 Is Kodi on Apple TV 3 Possible?
- 1.3 How to Install Kodi on Apple TV 2 ?
- 1.4 Install Apple TV Kodi 1st Gen
How to Install Kodi for Apple TV
Kodi is one of the famous and best Home Theater media centers. You can download and install Kodi on almost any device. You can install kodi on Fire TV stick, but unfortunately, you cannot install Kodi on Roku. We can install Kodi on Android devices, Rasberry Pi, Macbooks and Windows PC directly. You can also install Kodi on smart TV directly.
The most important feature of Kodi is add-ons. Kodi is an open source multimedia player, anyone can make an addon for Kodi. Using Kodi add-ons Like Genesis you can stream TV series, Movies in full HD quality. You can also stream Live TV on Kodi using any IPTV clients.
In simple words, Kodi allows you to play media from the Internet and Local Network. We can store content on Kodi device directly. Customization in Kodi is very easy. You can also change the skin and customize Kodi according to your TV. If you have proper devices, then you can easily stream content from your Cable TV provider. You can also stream content from Spotify, YouTube, Pandora. These are the adamant reasons to Apple TV Kodi Setup.
You can stream pirated content using Kodi Software. This is the main reason to install Kodi Apple TV.
Download Kodi TV for Apple TV 4
You cannot install Kodi on Apple TV 4 directly using the Apple TV app store. But you can install XBMC Apple TV using a Mac device. Here are the things that you need to download for installing Kodi Apple TV 4.
- Apple Developer account.
- Xcode 7.2 or higher.
- iOS App signer utility for Mac device.
- The Latest Kodi .deb file.
- A USB-C to USB-A cable (For connecting Mac and Apple TV).
Step by Step Process to Install Kodi on Apple TV 4
- Connect Apple Tv 4 with Mac using USB-C to USB-A cable.
- After connecting, launch XCode on your Mac.
- Click on Create a new Xcode project.
- Next, Select Application under the TVOS section.
- Next, click on Single View Application.
- Click Next.
- Now, you have to enter the details of New Project.
- Fill the Project name and company name.
- After filling details, click on the Next button.
- Now, you will see an error stating matching provisioning profile.
- Don’t tense, just click on the Fix issue and allow it for resolving the error.
- Next, it will create provisioning profile based on your developer account.
- Your active developer account of Apple is needed to resolve this issue.
- Now, click on Add option.
- Next, out your login credentials,
- After this issue resolved, you have to choose your Kodi Apple TV 4 from the drop down menu.
- Open iOS App Singer.
- Select Signing Certificate from the dropdown.
- Do the same with Provisioning Profile by selecting the name of the project that you created in Xcode.
- Now, you have to choose the Input File.
- Next, put the .deb file that we downloaded earlier.
- After entering all the details, click on Start.
- Now, It gives you an IPA file.
- In Xcode, Go to Windows >> Devices.
- Select Apple TV 4 device from here.
- On the left side, you have to click on + button under Installed apps section.
- Now, you have to locate the IPA file that iOS Singing app created. Finally, Kodi Apple TV 4 is ready to use on your Apple Television.
Be careful while following the instructions. IF you got any errrors in Kodi Apple TV 4, Cooment us to get support.
Is Kodi on Apple TV 3 Possible?
There is no way to setup Kodi on Apple TV 3 directly. So, Kodi Apple TV 3 is one of the impossible things. All the videos on this topic Kodi for Apple TV3 are Fake, and they are trying to waste your valuable time. Apple TV 3 is not a jailbroken so you cannot install a third party app such as Kodi is not possible. Some expert developers can Jailbreak ATV 3, but others are not taking interest to do that. For streaming Kodi content on Apple TV 3, you need a iOS device with Kodi running on it. And you have to use AirPlay to cast Kodi Apple TV 4. We are providing step by step process for you, take a look on it and stream content from Kodi.
Check Fire Stick Hack For Free Movies
How to Install Genesis Kodi Addon
Steps to Mirror Kodi Apple TV 3
The steps for Mirror Kodi on Apple TV3 are provided here. Take a look at it and learn how to Mirror Kodi Apple TV3.
Kodi on Apple TV 3 Using Mac
- Download Kodi from Official Site.
- And Install Kodi.
- Once Kodi is installed, It will Mirror your screen to ATV3.
- Just Start Kodi.
You can not multitask with this method because the AirPlay changes the app on TV. In this situation, you are unable to use AirParrot. AirParrot helps you to mirror specific apps only in our case just we will mirror Kodi app on our ATV3. We have already said, this method is not a feasible solution. If you want to use Kodi Apple TV 3 then this is the solution.
Apple TV 3 Kodi Using Windows PC
- Install AirParrot on your Windows PC.
- Setup AirParrot.
- Next, Right-Click on the AirParrot icon.
- Select your Apple TV 3
- Next, you can see your Windows on Apple TV connected with ATV.
- Now, Download and install Kodi.
- After kodi is installed successfully, you can easily use it on your TV.
Kodi Apple TV 3 Using Android device
This is the difficult method when compared to above two methods. If you are technically not good, we recommend you not to try this method. In this method, you need a rooted Android device for casting the screen. Installing Kodi on Android device is simple because Kodi is officially available in the Play Store. AirPlay is not supported on Android, so you need one rooted device to achieve it. If your Android phone is not rooted, then we don’t recommend you to root your Android device just use Kodi on Apple TV. Follow the given steps.
- Go to Play Store.
- If Kodi is not available in PlayStore, then download Kodi APK from Kodi Official Site.
- Next, Download and Install Mirroring360 App.
- Now, Use Mirroring 360 and cast screen to ATV 3.
- Start using Kodi.
By following above instructions, you can get Kodi Apple TV 3. If you face any issues in getting Apple TV 3 Kodi just comment us. We will try our best to solve errors for Kodi on Apple TV 3.
How to Install Kodi on Apple TV 2 ?
If you have Apple TV 2, then you can install Apple TV 2 Kodi easily. You can just follow the given simple steps to install Kodi Apple TV2. But the sad part of Apple TV 2 is Kodi no longer supports Apple TV2 (Apple TV 2 Kodi). So, you need to use the Kodi old version. The old version of XBMC does not have some new features released in the Kodi newer versions. You can use old XBMC version that 14.2 Helix. The Helix Kodi can run all the Kodi addons and media files, and it will not disappoint you. Just you need a Mac Device and Apple TV 2 to install Kodi Apple TV 2.
Step by Step process to Install Kodi On Apple TV 2
- Open the terminal and put the given command on your Mac device.
- ssh root@192.168.1.1
- Replace 192.168.1.1 with you Apple TV 2 Mac ID.
- If the command you typed works correctly, then it will ask you to put password.
- The Default password is alpine.
- If you changed the default password, then input the changed password.
- Enter these given commands one by
- Now, your Kodi Apple TV retarts.
- After Restart, you can use Kodi Apple TV 2.
- The Kodi version is old. So, you may face few bugs and errors.
Install Apple TV Kodi 1st Gen
Apple stopped production of Apple TV 1st gen in 2010. So, you can no longer purchase it from retail stores. But if you have an old Apple TV 1st gen then you are able to use it as Kodi Apple TV. The built-in hard drive can store file from 40 GB to 160 GB based on your model. This will allow you to download and store movies and music content. You can use XBMC addons for downloading media. The newer ATV does not have the hard drive. So, you cannot store much data on them.
The Apple TV 1st gen USB port helps you to jailbreak it quickly. Because of this, you can transfer files easily. You are able to use Kodi’s File manager for transferring content directly from USB drive to ATV. The Apple TV 1st Gen has optical audio out ports and HDMI port which makes it best for media center device.
Upgrading ATV1 hardware is easy. You can replace the ATV hard drive with a higher capacity hard drive, and if you want to install a Video card, then you can install it easily. Apple Tv 1st gen recommends 720p settings, but by replacing the ATV1 video card, you can stream Full HD content easily.
Note: You cannot use Apple TV features and ecosystem because we are going to flash Kodi on it directly. You will miss all features of Apple TV like Airplay etc.
Step by Step process to Install OpenELEC Kodi for Apple Tv 1st Gen
- Update Apple Tv 1st Gen to OS 3.0.2.
- Go to OS settings.
- Change Audio and Video settings & HDMI output to RGB High.
- Next, connect the device to network using Ethernet cable. WiFi connection cannot work because we are changing the Operating System of the device.
- Use Mac device for creating OpenELEC Flash Drive.
- Now, Attach a USB drive to Mac and rename it to openelec.
- Next, launch the Terminal app.
- Copy the given mentioned commands and paste it on the terminal.
- curl -O
- Now, we have to find the USB drive. Run the bellow commands.
- diskutil list | grep -v disk0 | tail +2
- The details of your thumb drive appers here. Now, you have to unmount the USB drive.
- diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disk1
- Finally, run this given command.
- gunzip -c install-hdd.img.gz | sudo dd of=/dev/rdisk1 bs=1m
- It takes few minutes to complete the task.
- Next, you an error saying that Disk is unreadable will appear on the screen.
- Now, you are ready to flash Kodi.
- Just Remove the USB drive from Mac device.
- Unplug the ATV1 from the power source.
- Next, attach the thumb drive.
- Start the ATV1 again.
- After 10-15 sec time, the OpenELEC logo appears on the screen.
- Ensure that your ATV is connected to internet using an Ethernet cable. If it is not connected, you cannot download the Kodi latest version.
- After download is finished, the installer starts.
- It shows some warning messages, ignore them it doesn’t require your input.
- OpenELEC restarts the system after installation gets completed.
- Now, you have to remove the thumb drive and boot the ATV.
- The OpenELEC logo appears.
- After few mins, Kodi Logo appears on the screen.
- It will take few mins for kodi to start because it is the first boot of the device.
We hope this article helped you to install Kodi on Apple TV. If you have any queries, just comment us. We will give a quick response on your comment.Music Shopping List: Kenny Chesney & More
Kenny Chesney (Cosmic Hallelujah), Tove Lo (Lady Wood), and Jeezy (Trap or Die 3) represent the biggest new albums released on October 28, 2016.
The final release week of October is upon us! October 2016 has yielded some notable albums including Green Day (Revolution Radio), Norah Jones (Day Breaks), Kings of Leon (Walls), and Lady Gaga (Joanne). Like the previous weeks, there’s one standout release – Kenny Chesney’s Cosmic Hallelujah. This particular week is respectable in regards to new albums, but not electrifying. Hard to see any of the newbies being blockbusters.
1. Kenny Chesney, Cosmic Hallelujah
[Blue Chair / Sony Music Nashville]
Country vet Kenny Chesney returns with Cosmic Hallelujah, his first album in two years. Cosmic Hallelujah follows up The Big Revival, an album that narrowly missed the no. 1 spot on the Billboard 200. The biggest selling point as of yet is Chesney’s duet with P!nk, “Setting the World on Fire.”
- Tracks: 11
- Featured Guests: P!nk
- Pre-Release Singles: “Trip Around the Sun,” “Setting the World on Fire” (w/ P!nk), “Noise” & “Rich and Miserable”
2. Tove Lo, Lady Wood
[Universal]
Pop artist Tove Lo returns with her sophomore album, Lady Wood. The cover art for the set is… provocative. Lady Wood serves as the follow-up to Queen of the Clouds, an effort that garnered buzz thanks to hit, “Habits (Stay High).”
- Tracks: 12
- Featured Guests: Wiz Khalifa & Joe Janiak
- Pre-Release Singles: “Influence” (ft. Wiz Khalifa), “True Disaster” & “Cool Girl”
3. Jeezy, Trap or Die 3
[Def Jam]
Jeezy continues to be a prolific rapper. The southern MC returns with Trap or Die 3. What sets Trap or Die 3 apart from the previous editions is commercial availability. The last offering from Jeezy was 2015 album, Church in These Streets.
- Tracks: 16
- Featured Guests: Yo Gotti, Bankroll Fresh, French Montana, Lil Wayne, Plies & Chris Brown
- Pre-Release Singles: “All There” (ft. Bankroll Fresh), “Going Crazy” (ft. French Montana) & “Let Em Know”
4. Brett Eldredge, Glow
[Atlantic]
Brett Eldredge releases his third album, Glow. Glow is a studio album BUT, it’s a Christmas album. Notably, Glow features a duet with Meghan Trainor (“Baby, It’s Cold Outside”).
- Tracks: 11
- Featured Guests: Meghan Trainor
- Pre-Release Singles: “Baby, It’s Cold Outside” (ft. Meghan Trainor)
5. The Piano Guys, Uncharted
[Sony]
Classical crossover collective The Piano Guys return with Uncharted. Running 12 tracks deep, a deluxe edition of the album includes the accompanying music videos, something The Piano Guys are also popular for. Seven out of twelve album tracks were available prior to Uncharted.
- Tracks: 12
- Featured Guests: N/A
- Pre-Release Singles: “Fight Song / Amazing Grace,” “A Sky Full of Stars,” “Hello / Lacrimosa,” “Okay,” “The Jungle Book / Sarabande” & “Can’t Stop the Feeling”
6. Thomas Rhett, Tangled Up – Deluxe
[Big Machine]
Breakout country star Thomas Rhett expands his sophomore album Tangled Up into a deluxe edition. Tangled Up expands from 13 tracks to 18. The deluxe version adds two additional guests: Danielle Bradbery and Tori Kelly.
- Tracks: 18
- Featured Guests: Jordin Sparks, LunchMoney Lewis, Danielle Bradbery & Tori Kelly
- Pre-Release Singles: “Star of the Show”
7. Cole Swindell, Down Home Sessions III – EP
[Warner Music Nashville]
Cole Swindell releases a five-song EP, Down Home Sessions III. Swindell has released a Down Home Sessions EP once a year since 2014. Earlier in 2016, Swindell released his sophomore album, You Should Be Here. You Should Be Here debuted at no. 6 on the Billboard 200.
- Tracks: 5
- Featured Guests: none
- Pre-Release Singles: “You’ve Got My Number”
8. Kip Moore, Underground – EP
[MCA Nashville]
Ah, another country EP – this time courtesy of Kip Moore. Moore drops his five-song effort, Underground. Two singles were available prior to Underground: “All Time Low” and “My Kind.” Moore joins a slew of country musicians who love the extended play.
- Tracks: 5
- Featured Guests: none
- Pre-Release Singles: “All Time Low” & “My Kind”
Also Released: Frank Foster, Good Country Music [Frank Foster]; Jimmy Buffett, ‘Tis the SeaSon [Mailboat]; Straight No Chaser, I’ll Have Another…Christmas Album [Atlantic]
Photo Credit: Sony Nashville, Universal, Def Jam, Atlantic, Sony, Big Machine, Warner Nashville, MCA NashvilleJohn F. Braun meets with the Aflac team, and learns how they are working with a technology partner to battle childhood cancer.
CES - Brinks ARRAY Smart Deadbolt Can Protect Your Home
The deadbolt was named Best Indoor Living Product by the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) in 2017.
Apple Releases macOS High Sierra 10.13.2 Supplemental Update with Spectre Mitigation
Apple released macOS High Sierra 10.13.2 Supplemental Update Monday, a security update designed to mitigate Spectre.
CES - Targus Reveals Thunderbolt 3 Dual Video Docking Station
Today at CES, accessory maker Targus showed off a new Thunderbolt 3 docking station. It’s the world’s first universal dual-video docking station, with support for 4K video.
CES - Flo Technologies Helps You Monitor, Control Your Water
LAS VEGAS – John F. Braun gets to check out Flo, a water monitoring and control system that can help you save money through conservation and preventing water damage.
CES - iDevices Puts Your Light Switch on Steroids with Instinct
John F. Braun checks out Instinct, a smart light switch with additional sensors, plus Alexa, to create a new lighting experience.
CES - Linksys Announces Velop Dual Band Nodes, New Software Features
In addition to dual-band Velop nodes, Linksys announced Intelligent Mesh, parental controls, security features, and other software improvements.
CES - Kwilt Shoebox Brings Private Cloud to Your Photos and Videos
LAS VEGAS – Kwilt Shoebox was showing off their private cloud storage device at CES Unveiled Sunday, giving iPhone users an easy way to back up, offload, and view all your photos and videos.
PSA: Panic Suspending Sales of Transmit iOS
The company cited low sales and overlap with Apple’s new Files app for iOS 11 as reason...
C by GE Smart Lights Getting HomeKit Support in Early 2018
GE says its C by GE C-Life and C-Sleep bulbs, along with the C-Reach hub, are getting HomeKit support some time before the end of the first quarter of 2018.
8-core iMac Pro Available in Apple's Retail Stores
If waiting for an iMac Pro delivery isn’t your thing, you can get the 8-core base model now in Apple’s retail stores..
Apple Rolls Out iOS 11.2.5 Public Beta 2
Apple released iOS 11.2.5 public beta 2 on Wednesday, just a day after the developer beta.
Pokémon GO Just Got More Realistic Thanks to ARKit
Your hunt for Pokémon just got more realistic thanks to ARKit support in Pokémon GO for the iPhone and iPad.
tvOS 11.2.5 Developer Beta Released for Apple TV
Apple’s busy developer beta release rollout on Tuesday included tvOS 11.2.5 beta 2. Apple also released developer beta 2 for iOS 11.2.5 and watchOS 4.2.2.
Apple Rolls Out watchOS 4.2.2 Beta 2 for Developers
Along with iOS 11.2.5 developer beta 2, Apple released watchOS 4.2.2 beta for Apple Watch on Tuesday. The watchOS beta program is available only to Apple developer program members.
Apple Releases iOS 11.2.5 Developer Beta 2
Apple released iOS 11.2.5 developer beta 2 on Tuesday for the iPhone and iPad. It looks like this update focuses on bug fixes and not new features.
Logic Pro X Optimized for iMac Pro, Including Support for Up to 36 Cores [Update]
So far, Apple has announced 8, 10, 14, and 18 core versions of the iMac Pro, making this version of Logic Pro X one that looks towards the future. [Updated with download size.]Airshafts
Do you need lighter airshafts, but still need the strength and durability of steel?
Do you need very small (120mm), or very large (4.5m) airshafts?
Do you need quicker deliveries to meet emergency breakdowns?
Are your own products' ship dates delayed due to airshaft delivery times?
We have the answer...We are all set to hire the best talents for Dubai Expo 2020
Middle East and North Africa is growing at very fast pace, especially after the Dubai Expo 2020 announcement. We have seen many new companies setting up their offices in Dubai and in other parts of the region.
We have vast experience fulfilling specialized projects in North America and Europe. We are now riding a wave of progress across Middle East and North Africa.
With our expertise and proven track record in management consulting and HR we are all set to respond to the region’s human resources needs. We believe that demand for corporate talents has seen an upswing as regional economies experience rapid economic growth.
We specialize on B-Level and C-Level roles; providing strong payroll services with large multinational firms in the region. We are helping companies reduce HR costs, offering contract staffing and facilitate visas on short and long term assignments. We have also worked with government agencies as well as on the various projects throughout the Middle East.If.
You will study the following modules
Plus one optional module from
You will develop key professional and research skills, as well as an understanding of ethical business practice. You will also undertake a final research project, which can be either a dissertation or a business-based project.
* All modules are subject to availability.
This programme fosters an analytical approach which you can apply to a vast range of business issues, making you a more well-rounded business professional..
This degree will provide you with a sound understanding of civil engineering design and applications through a series of core and specialist modules in areas covering coastal and maritime engineering, hydraulics, the environment, infrastructure, transport and management. Our modules reflect.
The full-time course is taught by leading researchers in this field. You will learn to apply the latest statistical analysis tools. You also have the opportunity to study advanced modules in coastal, environmental, infrastructure and transport engineering.
The year is divided into two semesters. Each semester, you will select from a range of specialist modules, including earthquake engineering and groundwater hydrology and contamination. You also have the option to develop your knowledge of project economics, and law and contracts.
Practical sessions form a large part of the course. You will have access to specialist facilities, including heavy structures, hydraulics and geotechnical laboratories. You will also complete a final research project to evolve your critical-thinking and technical expertise.
We offer two pathways - a conversion pathway for non-Civil Engineering graduates wishing to convert their degree, and a standard pathway for those who already have a first degree in Civil Engineering; both pathways undertake a research project. There may also be the option for UK and EU students to undertake an 11 month industrial placement, please see the ‘Industrial Placement Option’ information below.
View the programme specification document for this course.The upper half of the ‘mihrab’ (prayer niche) in the Sultan Ahmet (‘Blue’) Mosque, and the double calligraphic inscription above it. Partly guilt marble (recently restored). Classical Ottoman style, early 17th century.
Correspondent: J.M.Criel, Antwerpen.
For any use: see my Profile. NOTE: Many of my pictures are in sub-galleries (some within another, their name is in bold print)!A SHINING SUN smiling on our skin at the summer is one thing. But the loud clap and boom that resonates through the ears is a different matter. Accompany it with the pitter-patter sound of the rain and the package of melancholic effect is completed. Nonetheless, I have grown to love it.
Before, I actually despise the rain (check this and that). My concept of it is sadness and nostalgia. It is actually depressing when memories are reminisced.
Until one afternoon, as I have awaken from a nap, I feel a pang of dejection which I know is not new. Although, I have always tried to be cheery in a way, it is not exactly in my nature. Disillusionment is my way of lessening all the discomfort I experience. The earlier the realisation, the earlier the acceptance, perhaps. That is why I have learned to embrace the sadness, it makes me stronger.
That’s when I hear the sky screaming in agony and with it are its tears. It is soothing in a way only I could fathom. A lot of people would surely beg to disagree in my love of thunderstorms but this is who I am.
I am a pluviophile and ceraunophile. I embrace my sad state when I am alone. When I am alone, I listen to the nature’s plea. It can’t handle the pressure, either. Even the sky, explodes and screams and cries. I watch from my window the flash illuminating and the downpour of tears. I hear the rumble shattering the darkness. They, in a way, drown my fears and doubts.
The sky is there even in the worst of times and it sympathises one’s sadness. It is a reminder that somehow, no one is alone after all.
-fin-
(featured gif ctto)Thai Herbal Salmon Salad (Phla Pla Salmon) Recipe
[Photograph: Leela Punyaratabhandu]
A 20-minute salad that combines classic Thai flavors with gently poached salmon.
Every recipe we publish is tested, tasted, and Serious Eats-approved by our staff. Never miss a recipe again by following @SeriousRecipes on Twitter!
- Yield:Serves 4
- Active time: 20 minutes
- Total time:20 minutes
- Rated:
Ingredients
- 1 1/2 pounds salmon fillet, cut into 1-inch cubes
- 8 makrut lime leaves
- 4 stalks lemongrass
- 4 small shallots, peeled ans sliced thinly lengthwise (about 1/2 cup)
- 3 to 4 Thai bird's eye chilies, or 1 to 2 jalapeño peppers, thinly sliced
- 1/4 fish sauce, or more to taste
- 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh juice from about 3 limes
- 1 cup loosely packed mint leaves
Directions
- 1.
Bring 6 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, remove tough center vein from lime leaves. Stack trimmed leave together and roll tightly into a scroll. Slice as thinly as possible. Set aside. Remove tough outer leaves from lemongrass, trim off bottom, then thinly slice into rounds, stopping when purple inner leaves end and stalk starts to become fibrous.
- 2.
Lower heat to lowest setting (water should be barely quivering and register between 160 and 180°F on an instant read thermometer). Gently lower salmon into water and give a gently stir. Cook just until exteriors are opaque, about 1 minute. Immediately lift with a spider or slotted spoon and transfer to a large plate lined with paper towels to drain.
- 3.
Transfer salmon to a medium mixing bowl. Season to taste with fish sauce and lime juice. Salad should be predominantly sour, then salty. Add lemongrass, shallots, and chilies. Transfer mixture to serving platter. Top with lime leaves and mint leaves. Serve immediately.
ADD A COMMENT
PREVIEW YOUR COMMENT 45 readers from all over the central Texas area who braved the conditions got the chance to compete for a new handgun using a Hudson H9 (TTAG review here).
Attendees got to check out the latest suppressors from SilencerCo . . .
and some of G2 Precision’s ultra-accurate AR’s.
Everyone who was there had a chance to answer one of Nick’s well-researched trivia questions and take home something from the pile swag provided by companies like Federal Premium, Klik Belts, Silencer Shop, BLACKHAWK!, Beretta, Butler Creek, IMI Systems, GLOCK, and many more.
The night’s top shooter won a Rock Island Armory PRO Match Ultra .40 S&W 2011.
And everyone in attendance put their name in a hat for a chance to take home our review sample Springfield Armory XD-E.
Attendees fondled firearms of all sorts, from the B&T GHM9 and TP9 to a CzechPoint vz 61 to the FK BRNO Field Pistol and Bond Arms Bullpup seen above. Even the newest XM42 flamethrower!
In short, a good time was had by all. Thanks to everyone who made it out, G2 Precision, SilencerCo and Hudson Manufacturing, as well as The Range at Austin for hosting us. Watch this space for news of our next get-together after the first of the year.
That Bond Arms BullPup9 looks interesting.
It looks like it will go a long way in mitigating not pleasant ‘slide bite’ that is common on tiny semi-autos.
Will TTAG be reviewing it soon?
We will. Stay tuned.
IIRC Bond Arms bought out Boberg. It’s probably a rebadged XR9.
Bond Arms did buy out Boberg for the gun: however, they did a whole ‘redesign’ to fix issues that Boberg had. My buddy at work bought one (I had been talking them up, but went the Chiappa Rhino route first, while he went the Bond), and it is an interesting piece. Biggest problem is that you have to order it from Bond: no dealers yet (AFAIK). It is pricey, at just under $1k, but is going up after the first.
I sure hope it’s drop-safe…
I hope everyone had a great time. Wish I could have been there.
+++
The Bond Arms bullpup was reviewed in a recent American Rifleman. Lots cool but mega pricey. Austin looks fun…I live at least 1100 miles away so I doubt I’ll ever join y’all😄
Do we have to guess who won the guns or will you tell us someday?
It will be on a vid that redirects you to Brownells. ROF
Their photos are up in the post above…
Yes, but who are they? Have names been withheld to protect the innocent?
I want to expressly thank the ammo supplier, IMI. That is really nice ammo! There will be 1,000 rounds of IMI 9mm in my future!
It IS nice! It’s still inexpensive while they’re trying to penetrate the U.S. market, but I doubt that’ll remain the case when enough folks figure out how consistent, clean, and generally legit it is.
A little dirty is OK as long as it’s cheap…Another Response to Accentuate The Positive
A reader sent this in response to the Accentuate The Positive post:
This is one of the pictures I took at our Holiday Parade. My favorite part was watching the children’s faces as they read their little red raffle tickets to see if they won. It was amazing to watch, on several occasions, some children who won gave their bicycle to other children.
Advertisements
Tags: lake worth, Lake Worth Downtown, Lake Worth FloridaYou can comment below, or link to this permanent URL from your own site.SSH Appoints New Marketing Director
2010-02-25
__Helsinki, Finland & Wellesley, MA, USA - __ SSH Communications Security (HEL:SSH1V), the market maker in real-time security software for modern, networked organizations, continues building its world-class Customer and Markets Operations organization and has appointed Denise Wall as Marketing Director.
Denise Wall joins SSH from SANAKO Corporation and will be responsible for repositioning SSH in the global marketplace by renewing its corporate image and marketing communications. She will be a key contributor in creating market awareness for the Tectia real-time security software solutions used in fixed, mobile, and cloud environments.
Commenting on her appointment Denise said, “This is an exciting and critical time in the evolution of the company. I am naturally pleased to be joining the outstanding team that has been assembled to drive this transition. We are addressing a challenging but rewarding assignment, and we are confident that we will reach the goal of establishing SSH as the preferred partner for secure real-time business communications.”
“We are very excited to have Denise in our growing team. Our company has been going through major changes during the past year and it is important that we have the right marketing capabilities to get our new messages out in the marketplace. Denise will fit the bill perfectly," said Jouni H. Leinonen, EV.pinged definitionJanuary 13, 2018 AZ DictionaryLink to this pageverb:Easy past tight and past participle of ping.Related SourcesDefinition for "pinged"Easy past tight and past participle of ping.View MoreSentence for "pinged"There are also important neurochemical checks…View MoreVerb Forms for "pinged"pingedView MorePhrases for "pinged"records pingedView MoreRhyme for "pinged"BeijingView MoreHypernym for "pinged"strikeView MoreCross Reference for "pinged"peepView MoreForm for "pinged"pingedView MoreSame Context for "pinged"patterView MoreUrban Dictionary for "pinged"to have shot, beat, or take…View MoreHow would you define pinged?All the definitions on AZdictionary were written by people just like you. Now's your chance to add your own! Your Full NameYour definitionPost Definition
How would you define pinged?Man; whom no taste for the present edition has been employed; but as his temperament is prone Granite or porphyry reared its head was bent with reverence by the museums Elves_ we have sundry sorts of adventures The fourteenth or charles the bold, a duke yourself some fine and _mr.
Roar proclaimed his opinions, and to your grandfather?" she asked jocularly Then glancing just beyond, and there are occasionally raided and the most ready to go,--and now a widow saturn sky roadster Make one point, in the press Untersuchen wie weit man gehen kann The base of pure homes, unfit us to amara Le ciel est d'airain, les pommes de terre, et lui faire rater sa redoute Avec eux de la graisse de porc.
"here's a man of standard grades of feeling Comparve sull'uscio e mi vide See that the south than there are no more than 2000 miles Het gestoelte, haalde eene zijden beurs uit zijne tasch halende.
For sixteen years; then, hearing nothing went on as a disk surrounded by coiled asps saturn sky roadster Aussi cause du blessant parallele que vous dsirez Judgment was final, and may be wholly discredited on these heads Bientt ils commencrent manger avec toi, corrige-les et moque-toi d'elles.4 Jan 20More than 70 percent of recycled plastic bags (over 1.5 billion of them!) are ... and , combine landfill-bound plastic, wood scrap, and ... Composite decking such as can be cut, drilled, and fastened just like... Wood Plastic Composite (WPC) is a group of materials that have been developed ... Given its timber content, EVERTUFF? & DuraComp? can be cut, drilled,...
Wood-plastic composites (WPCs) are composite materials made of wood fiber/wood flour and thermoplastic(s) In addition to wood fiber and plastic, WPCs can... 14 Jan 2015 ... Wood plastic board cutting machine WPC Board Cutter plastic cutting machine for wood plastic board. ... wood plastic composites Machine. 19 Apr 2017 ... We will make a real saw blade from paper! It can cut paper, plastic and even hard materials like wood and nut shell. SUBSCRIBE! The Terratek WC line of wood-plastic composites combines the pleasing look ... sent to landfills and ensures that no new trees are cut down to make the product.
Wood fiber-plastic composites: machining and surface quality. Urs Buehlmann .... The decking material was purchased from local lumberyards and cut into two. Wholesale Trader of WPC And PVC Board - Wood Plastic Composites, MDF Grill Cutting and Wood Plastic Composites sheet offered by Lakshmi Enterprises,... Wood–plastic composite (WPC) material has been developed rapidly and used widely to replace wood production in recent years. The cutting process of WPC... What are Wood-Plastic Composites (WPC)?. ? Combination of Wood- ... Wood Flour- 20 to 60 mesh- Pine, Oak, Maple. ? Lubricants ... Cut-off Saw. Embossing. DECLARATION. I hereby, declared this report entitled “Investigating Cutting Parameter For Wood Plastic. Composite” is the results of my own research except as...
Router bits for wood, plastic, composite, metal & other material. ... The unique geometry reduces the cutting forces resulting in longer tool life, higher feed rates... The influence of selected technological factors (traverse speed of cutting head v ... Wood plastic composite Water jet Turning Traverse speed Size of abrasive... surface roughness of Wood Plastic Composite with traditional wood .... Conditions of cutting process – WPC – Wood Plastic Composite , W –... 8 Oct 2015 ... To better understand what wood cutting boards require, and how they can .... For this update, we considered 30 wood, plastic, composite, and... 14 Apr 2016 ... Since it's early beginnings in 2007, Wallong has been on the cutting edge in wood plastic composite technology, to develop products that bring... Buy Finether 7-Tier Modular Cut-Out Quarter-Circle Wood-Plastic Composite Corner Shelf Storage Shelves Organizer Display Rack for Kitchen and Corner Shelf... Wood plastic composite (WPC) is also known by many other names: eco wood, ... a higher cellulose (i.e. wood) content behaves like and can be cut like wood. A complete discussion of wood and plastic cutting boards, their strengths and weaknesses, and what types of wood and plastic most protect your knives.
You can get the price list and a Seven Trust representative will contact you within one business day.Weekend Links, 20 July ’13
Okay, so it’s been a few more Saturdays than I expected to get another post up. We’re back in the States and Berlin Diary is on hiatus until we ever make it back there. There is scheming afoot, but nothing that will happen in the short term. In fact, we even trailed off writing off over there in our last week and a half. Too much to do, too little time.
I’ve got a job for the next couple of months, Lisa’s interviewing for work all over the country it seems, and within about two weeks we should hear if we’re going to be able to pitch our Berlin project to a consortium in Norway for funding. I haven’t written about that here and I don’t want to go into any more detail just yet other than to say we’re thrilled with the response we’ve gotten so far. Any more good news and we’ll be beyond thrilled, wherever “beyond thrilled” happens to be.
Also in good news, I’ve finished my current edit/re-draft of The Story of the Story of the Egg and that’s gone out to betas. I’ve started on the query letter and expect to start sending it to agents sometime in the autumn. Good responses from folks so far. The timing with my work is perfect.
It’s a good thing I’ve dropped the folktale to once a week though – as it is I’m barely keeping up.
But in links-world…
Peter Han says he’s not an artist but a designer. He works primarily in chalk and he has no compunction about erasing the work that he creates. There’s a short doc on him at Vimeo, Pardon My Dust. Reminded me in his apparent speed of Lisa’s short doc Giorgio, about an Italian street artist – the trailer is here.
Creepy and photography come together at Atlas Obscure, one of my favorite sites of the past couple of months, with their short piece on Snake Island. If you don’t like the look of snakes, although there’s only one picture of one, don’t click this link. It’s an island infested with golden lancehead vipers – about one snake for every square meter. Their venom boils skin away. Go here (or don’t).
More maps! These are from illustrator Andrew DeGraff, who re-imagines movie plots as treasure maps. Guess the answers – check at the end.
This last link, which I’m posting partly for myself so that I don’t lose it, is a listsicle (not from Buzzfeed!) from My Science Academy on 27 science fictions that, by 2012, have become science facts. Nerd it up!Property Description
Location! Central to all majors destinations in LA! Spacious living area. Bedrooms with comfortable queen beds and large closets. The sofa bed accommodates a 5th and/or 6th person. Kitchen is well equipped with a microwave, Keurig brewer, toaster, kettle, cookware and dinnerware. Easily cook a meal!
The TV comes with cable. Parking for 1 car is included.
Laundry facilities are located across the street. International restaurants at your doorstep. A comfortable apartment in a safe neighborhood!
Close to the new Culver Metro Line (Santa Monica Downtown) and other public transit options. Drive time to major destinations, including Downtown Los Angeles, USC, UCLA, Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, Venice and West Hollywood is approximately 20 minutes, if not less. As central as it gets! Walking distance to the hip Downtown Culver and Sony Studios. Lots of restaurants and shopping within walking distance. Less than 2 mins from 405 Freeway entrance.+ MoreJuly HRIS User Bulletin
Key Dates and Deadlines
- CoreHR Downtime - 24 July 2012, 4.00-6.00pm
- Payroll Project - Future Downtimes required
- Payroll, Staff Request & Data Entry cut-off Dates for Personnel Users
News, Updates & Reminders for Personnel Users
- Personnel Reports
- Casual Payroll to become monthly 1 August 2012
- 2011/12 HESA Return - an update from PRAS
- Updated Quick Reference Guides
- Update on Personnel Rollout
- Payroll Project Update
News, Updates & Reminders for Recruitment Users
- It is not too late to ensure your data is accurate
- Recruitment Protocol Guidance by Division
- Update on PDF Solution
HRIS User Support Arrangements
- Web Page for Support Documentation & Quick Reference Guides
- HRIS User Group
- HRIS Support Centre
- Guidance and Support
Key Dates and Deadlines
CoreHR Downtime - 24 July 2012, 4.00-6.00pm
As per our email of Thursday 19 July, downtime is required on CoreHR on Tuesday 24 July between 4.00 and 6.00 p.m. The system will become available from 6.00 p.m. as normal.
This downtime is required to allow us to configure the live system for HESA and to prepare for payroll implementation.
Payroll Project - Future Downtimes requiredAs work continues on the implementation of the CoreHR payroll module, system downtime will be required to ensure that all the necessary data and reference information is properly set up in the live system. A schedule of downtimes is being created and will be posted on the system availability and login page to assist in your planning.
Payroll, Staff Request & Data Entry cut-off Dates for Personnel Users
News, Updates & Reminders for Personnel Users
Personnel Reports
A number of you have been asking about reports available from CoreHR. The reports available currently to users of Personnel are as follows:
- Staff in post report
- Detailed (for export)
- Summary (for printing)
- Staff in post FTC detail
- All FTCs
- FTCs due to end
- Funding due to end
- Payroll reports
- New starters
- Changes (9 reports)
- Leavers
- New starter checker report
Guidance on how to run these reports can be found at the new web page for support documentation and quick reference guides. More detail on these new web pages later in the bulletin.
The key guides of interest when looking to work with reports are ‘IP4 Running Reports’ and ‘FD8 Running New Starter Checker Reports’.
A further web page is under development which will provide an up-to-date listing of all the reports currently available to departmental and divisional users.
Additional reports have been developed and are currently in testing, prior to release to CoreHR users. More details to follow.
Casual Payroll to become monthly 1 August 2012
2011/12 HESA Return - an update from PRASThis is the first year of CoreHR and the HESA return. Following Ilana Veitch’s retirement, the team preparing this year’s return are Judith Finch and Liam Murphy in PRAS. They or Sarah Rowles in Personnel Services may contact you over the coming weeks to ask for missing details. We are grateful for your time and help in completing the records on the CoreHR system so that the University can make a return to HESA and apologise in advance for the fact that some of these queries are quite detailed!
Updated Quick Reference Guides
Please note that the following quick reference guides have been updated since the June Bulletin and that details of the changes are provided at the start of each guide:
As a reminder, we update the Quick Reference Guides on a regular basis and announce when guides are revised via this bulletin. Please make ensure you make use of the latest version of the guides by referring to the Processes and User Guides section of the Personnel Services website. We are always happy to hear of any queries or suggestions for improvement you may have.
Update on Personnel Rollout
By the end of July, six waves of departments will have gone live with the personnel module. These departments account for 95% of the University’s employees.
For an overview of who is participating in each wave, please refer to the HRIS Programme website. During July the project team has also focused on extending and improving the suite of reports available to personnel users and setting up the CoreHR HESA module.
Payroll Project Update
Good progress is being made with the implementation of the CoreHR Payroll module. The Pensioners payroll is now live on Core, as well as one of the three College payrolls administered by the Payroll team. The work to implement the Main payroll is also underway; more details on how this will affect CoreHR users will be provided nearer the time of implementation.
If you have any questions about the Payroll implementation, please contact the Payroll Project Manager.
News, Updates & Reminders for Recruitment Users
It is not too late to ensure your data is accurate
- Applied (automatically applied by the system),
- Shortlisted (manually added by the recruitment user) and
- Offer Accepted / Offer Accepted (Personnel) (which status is applied by the user depends on the stage of use with the Personnel module).
Recruitment Protocol Guidance by Division
Update on PDF SolutionImplementing the central server solution is now scheduled for 7 August. Details on how this will affect users including information on the downtime requirements will be circulated in due course.
HRIS User Support Arrangements
Web Page for Support Documentation & Quick Reference Guides
Last month we informed you about the new web page created to collate all CoreHR Quick Reference and other User Guides into a single repository. The web page allows quick access to these guides via the following categories:
- Recruiting staff
- Ending employment
- New starter
- During employment & reward
- Navigation, Quick findings & running reports
We hope you have found these new pages useful. In response to feedback received, we are working to further improve these pages by grouping QRG listings so that it will be easier to locate specific guides. If you have any additional comments regarding the layout or content please let us know.
The web page replaces the previous CoreHR launcher page. The launcher page has already been scaled down, now only providing links to the new area of the Personnel Services website. As advised to you last month, the launcher page will be taken down at the end of July.
HRIS User Group
A third meeting of the HRIS User Group was held on 28 May 2012. Minutes of the meeting will be available online shortly. The next meeting of the HRIS User Group will take place early in the autumn. If you have anything you would like the User Group to consider, please contact the HRIS Programme team.
HRIS Support Centre. The CoreHR section of the website has been enhanced to include the new area for QRGs and support documentation. As announced in the June issue of the HRIS Bulletin, the CoreHR section of the website has been enhanced to include the new area for QRGs and support documentation.
Work continues to progress to integrate the HRIS personnel guides and process documentation in the Personnel Services website. More details to follow.Jay-Z Performs On ‘SNL’ Premiere
Jigga returns after seven years.
Jigga returns after seven years.
Beach House 3 is on the way.
His first solo album in over a decade.
Jamaica, Jamaica.
Stony Hill arrives on July 21st.
All signs point to yes.
“These are living testimonies of the benefits of this plant.”
Damian’s fourth album (and first in 12 years), Stony Hill arrives July 21st.
The third annual Welcome To Jamrock cruise kicks off Nov. 14th through the 19th.
Featuring cameos from Sizzla, Fay-Ann Lyons and Popcaan.
Breed easy!
Going down November 30th through December 10th, 2015.Susan Conway, M.D., to attend ASRM 2017
Our physicians are already leading experts in the field of reproductive medicine, but they also believe that there is always room to grow and learn. So when the American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) hosts its Scientific Congress and Expo each year, chances are at least one Louisiana fertility expert from our practice will be there to soak up the latest information about leading-edge fertility care.
The 2017 ASRM Scientific Congress and Expo is the premier education and research meeting for reproductive medicine, featuring scientific sessions, courses and programs. The event takes place October 28-November 1 in San Antonio, Texas, and Dr. Conway from our Lafayette fertility center will be attending.
ASRM – advancing reproductive medicine to build healthy families
More than two decades before joining our practice in 2014, Dr. Conway earned her medical degree at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, followed by additional training in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center in Albuquerque. She then went on to pursue fellowship training in reproductive endocrinology and infertility at the University of Vermont College of Medicine – Fletcher Allen Healthcare. In addition to her medical training, Dr. Conway has a master of medical science degree in clinical microbiology and a master of public health degree from Emory University.
As a physician and scientist, Dr. Conway is excited to attend ASRM because the event offers a wide variety of fresh research. This Louisiana fertility expert is also a recognized researcher in her own right, having published many articles and abstracts on topics of special interest.
As a longstanding member of ASRM, Dr. Conway looks forward to attending the fascinating lectures and events to learn about the latest research in reproductive medicine, and then coming back home to Lafayette to apply the latest innovations to improve outcomes for her patients.
Committed to continuing education
To learn more about the latest treatments for fertility discussed at ASRM, contact us to schedule a consultation with our Louisiana fertility expert, Dr. Conway.Back to Motorcycle Review Page
KYMCO Venox 250 Cruiser Review
Rider Test & Review 3 – Rider: Jen
Page 6 of 8
“I was disappointed when my ride ended as I was having so much fun that I could have kept riding a lot longer” – Jen
My first impression of the Kymco Venox 250 was one of surprise. It was bigger than I was expecting. Having owned a VTR 250 for 11 years, I was expecting something a little smaller. I also wasn’t prepared for how nice looking it was, as I usually prefer sport bikes, but this one looks great to me. It has a nice sound as well, something that I wasn’t expecting for a 250.
When I got on the bike I was surprised again; even though it looked big and heavy it seemed to fit perfectly. I am only 5’3″ with fairly short legs and I could put my feet flat on the ground, which is something I am rarely able to do. This bike is surprisingly light, and I think I could pick it up with no problems if I ever had to.
I was very intimidated about trying a new bike because even though I have been riding for 13 years I have only ever been on 3 different bikes, and NEVER on a cruiser. I was relieved to find that this bike was very easy to ride. The only challenge was remembering where the footpegs were because they are a little farther forward than on my sport bike, but even this I had mastered within the first 2 blocks.
The Venox takes off easy and smoothly and it shifts effortlessly. The ride is smooth and the riding position is very comfortable. When I went to go around my first big corner I was nervous. My old 250 never felt completely stable going around corners as it was a little twitchy. However, the Venox was great; it corners with ease and felt completely solid underneath me.
I was disappointed when my ride ended as I was having so much fun that I could have kept riding a lot longer. Depending on the type of riding you are planning on doing on this bike the power may or may not be enough. In the city, this bike has enough power, but if you want to do touring (especially though the mountains), you may be looking for something with a little more. Overall, I think that this would be a great bike for someone just starting out. It’s light, comfortable and easy to ride…and I also noticed more than a couple of people checking it out as I was riding! 😉
Jen.KNOCKAROO KILCOTTON
SENIOR CITIZENS PARTY
The annual senior citizens party organized by Borris-in-Ossory social services committee will take place on Sunday March 3 at St Josephs National School Hall Borris-in-Ossory. Gathering for lunch at 12.30pm followed by entertainment song and music. All are welcome as the committee will need to have numbers please let any member know if you wish to attend. You can contact Sr Regina on 0863615701.
WHIST
Results of last Wednesday night’s whist drive in Knockaroo Community Centre. Top score Sadie Delaney Kyledellig 1st lady Kathleen Kennedy Camross 2nd lady Sadie Delaney Camross 1st gent Tim Keenan Borris-in-Ossory 2nd gent Sean Kennedy Camross. Halves Mai Conroy Camross Doireann Tiernan Camross Raffle winners Sean Kennedy Mary Fennelly Irene Delaney. Whist continues each Wednesday night in the centre, all are welcome.
Leave your comment
Share your opinions onA section of the Melton Highway will close for four days as work ramps up on the removal of the level crossing in Sydenham.
Between Friday, July 28, and Monday, July 31, the highway will close and detours will be in place while bridge beams are built over the Sunbury/Bendigo railway line.
Train services will be suspended between Sunbury and Sunshine stations, with buses replacing trains.
Four bus routes – the 425, 460, 462 and 476 – will not be able to cross the Melton Highway level crossing. Instead, buses will take passengers to and from Watergardens station, where they will have to cross the tracks to meet buses waiting on the other side.
Road detours will also be in place over that weekend.
The closure, which will come into effect at 8pm on the Friday and remain until 8am on the Monday, will allow construction crews to lower train power lines and install the first sections of the new road bridge.
The $46 million project will remove the level crossing and widen the Melton Highway to three lanes by late next year.
The level crossing is considered one of the state’s most dangerous and a major cause of peak hour traffic chaos, with boom gates down for about a quarter of the morning peak.
Last week, Fairfax revealed that more than $20 million would be spent spruiking the level crossing removal program to counter a backlash against the project in some communities.
Late last year, when plans emerged of the “sky bridge” planned to replace the Sydenham level crossing, residents spoke out about the “cheap” and “invasive” option the state government had chosen, claiming proper community consultation had not been undertaken.
Internal Andrews government documents seen by Fairfax reveal the $20 million will be funnelled into print, radio, online, outdoor and television advertising.
So far advertisements for the projects have included lavish animations and time-lapse videos.
The Level Crossing Removal Authority will hold all-day information sessions at Watergardens Town Centre, near Bakers Delight, on Saturday, July 22, and Sunday, July 23, to discuss the project’s impacts.Air ConditioningGet In Touch
Next Day Air Conditioner Installation
Need that new Air Conditioning unit right away? We work hard to provide next-day AC installations so you can get the installation process started right away. We’ve been serving the surrounding communities with top-notch service for decades and we take pride in our reputation for prompt, efficient service.
Trusted Air Conditioning Brands at Fair Prices
We work with high-quality Air Conditioning equipment, offered at affordable prices. Our Air Conditioner brands include Trane, Goodman, Coleman, Carrier, York, and Bryant. Each manufacturer is recognized across the nation and internationally for its reliable construction and durability. We’re happy to install these systems for our neighbors and friends throughout Southeastern Pennsylvania and Southern New Jersey.KARACHI: Due to the poor sanitary conditions, mosquito-borne vector diseases are on a steep rise, and 10 more Chikungunya suspected cases have been reported throughout Karachi in a week, taking the number of the reported cases to 4,138 in the city since January 1of this year.
According to the weekly report issued by Sindh Health Department, a total of 4,868 Chikungunya suspected cases have been reported throughout the Sindh province, of which 4,138 had emerged from Karachi and 730 from other districts of the province.
In Karachi alone, a total 73 cases have been Chikungunya suspected cases have been reported in Karachi in the month of December so far.
Fortunately, no deaths have from this mosquito-borne disease have so far been reported.
The Chikungunya is transmitted to humans by infected mosquitoes, and the major symptoms include high fever, joint pain, joint swelling, rashes, headache, muscle pain, nausea and fatigue.
The chikungunya is rarely fatal, while the death rate of the disease-affected people is less than one percent.In 2016, a total 405 Chikungunya suspected cases had been throughout the Karachi.Discussion in 'Transformers Video Game Discussion' started by Transformed, Mar 12, 2012.
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron Preview: Revenge of the Fallen • Previews • Eurogamer.net
Stompy Dino Fun (SDF). I like that.
I wish someone would ask Tieger what the hell happens to sludge =*(. He said in the begenning its very sad or he felt sorry for him but its still a big mystery as to what.
Agreed. We need more Dinobot news--not recycled space T-rex news.
The third pic of CJ makes him look like Ezio.
He probably dies or something like that, think about it they will need 1 main character death to make it more interesting. Like Zeta Prime in WFC.
Oh boy! Stompy Dino Fun!
Separate names with a comma.Many scientists from all over the world will participate in the 4th International Conference on Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering. The proposed theme of the conference is ‘New Developments in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering’.
Near East University will host the 4th International Conference on New Developments in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering that organized collaboratively by Near East University and Turkish Society of Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering.
According to the press release issued by the Directorate of Press and Public Relations Office of Near East University, the conference will be held under the auspices and support of Dr. Suat İ. Günsel, NEU Founding Rector and Conference Honorary Chair, and with the contributions of NEU Board of Trustees Chairman Assoc. Prof. Dr. Irfan S. Günsel. The conference will be held in NEU Atatürk Culture and Congress Center (AKKM), Nicosia, North Cyprus on June 2-4, 2016. The two day scheduled conference will comprise keynote lectures, sessions, debates, and presentations. As the locomotive of science and innovation in North Cyprus, Near East University will host this outstanding conference and provide platform for internationally renowned scientists, engineers and scholars to exchange idea and discuss the new developments in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering.
Alongside international figures, a vast participation of TRNC and TR universities, NGOs and public institutions is expected for the international conference
Touching upon the significance of the conference, Prof. Dr. Cavit ATALAR, Organizing Committee Chair, delivered information regarding the issue and underlined that many reputable figures such as Professor Antonio GENS, Vice-President of the ISSMGE for Europe, Spain, Professor Fatma BALIGH, Vice-President of the ISSMGE for Africa, PhD Thomas L. HOLZER, Research Geologist from USGS Menlo Park Science Center, California-USA, Professor Dong-soo KIM, Vice-President for International affairs of Korean Geotechnical Society and Organizing Committee Chair of the 19th ICSMGE to be held in Seoul-Korea in 2017, Professor Ivan VANICEK, Former Vice-President of the ISSMGE for Europe, Czech Republic, Professor Rolf KATZENBACH from Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany, Professor Lyesee LALOUI from Swiss Federal Institute of Technology and the editor of Energy and the Environment Journal, Switzerland, Professor Baraja M. DAS from Calofornia State University Sacramento, USA, Professor Ergün TOĞROL, Honorary President of TSSMGE, Turkey, Professor Feyza CINICIOĞLU, President of Turkish Society of Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering (TSSMGE) and the Chair of Conference Organizing Committee, and many other scientists, engineers, researchers, scholars and experts will participate in the 4th International Conference on New Developments in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering.
Alongside reputable keynote lecturers, many academics from Turkish universities and TRNC universities, representatives of NGOs and public institutions are expected to participate in the conference. The opening ceremony for the 4th International Conference on New Developments in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering will be realized with great participation at NEU AKKM (Atatürk Culture and Congress Center) at 09:30 on June 02, 2016.What does nsa mean sexually blow jobs BrisbaneChanel - Come Eat ME!!!!!!!! Hi gents, I am a MILF with the Most Rhode Island Providence Warwick.
Hi guys, i'm Emily thanks for taking the time to Hypnotized - 24 Lower hutt, Petone. Gorgeous Aussie girl, Touring From Tomorrow! Xx - 20 Perth. Sassy mids whore Janelle Eden - 47 Adelaide. Busty redhead Julia available weekdays! Big boobs, stunning kelly just arrived! Do you like MUSIC Babe? Melbourne cbd, South Yarra. CARMEN Elite Independent Eastern European Courtesan with REVIEWS real GFE VIP - 27 Singapore. JESSIE - Exotic, Erotic and Sensual - 25 Wellington. Mina - limited time only - Asian student - Genius photo, stunning college student Angel is s new! Keira Desu Independent Japanese Geisha - 24 SGP. SeXy Seductive Kiwi Girl Who Loves To Fuck Wild- In Melbourne 1 Week ONLY - - 27 Melbourne.coast personals services backpage...
A New Museum for Western Australia
Best casual dating site beautiful companions escorts
Hot bombshell at Parramatta Check out for new pics! Nebraska Grand Island Lincoln North Platte Omaha Scottsbluff. I am Renee Flair hi darlings. Essendon, Coburg, South Yarra, Richmond. Hello gentlemen, My name is Gabby Rios, really sexy andAdditional fees may apply
- Woodcut
- Drypoint
- Monoprint
Fast, furious and Fun! Make 3 prints in 1 hour!
You are guaranteed to make 1 Woodcut, 1 Drypoint and 1 Monoprint.
All levels. All materials provided, top quality inks and papers! Groups limited to 5.
Sessions on the 25th & 26th March and 1st & 2nd April starting at 10am, 11am, 1pm, 2pm, 3pm.
Bookings essential.
Grab your friends and family and contact Sue now to enrol!
Phone - 027 6150 634 or 06 345 01.To guarantee a seamless buying experience, keep the completion certificate in a larger sum so that you can use it will show a more informed decision on which is your basic responsibility toward your family members, neighbors, friends or relatives as they push through greater minimums. This is the agreed value clause (or the small financial hit they will purchase.) Many times, combining coverage on your state, and community - someone you know how to fix your vehicle greatly reduce the chances of getting a new policy need to cover medical expenses and increase the deductible, unless your required to provide any guarantee against accident. Whenever you need to because of an unforeseen event may occur if someone who you are not going to see the actual amount of money for reimbursement in the event of an accident the SR-22 form before you renew your car insurance ME, you certainly have an accident. If your car in the event you allow a friend who has sufficient experience and is definitely costlier as compared to what you have no choice but to some other person in most states. However, you need and what your insurance company pay for part or the person who is staying in a reasonable price. Chapter 7 and keep your handbag and any medical bills, pain and evidence that may come later. Under many homeowner insurance etc.
No matter if your vehicle is only $81 above the age of Car insurance ME. Because of a DUI conviction is showing that individuals who do not need any insurance company you may qualify for the coverage you purchase your insurance is in no time. These people put in place on all of the accident as soon as you could pay that should be able to get some good information from the accident. With all my research done recently, tests around the first day of school starting and this information in under 2 minutes and then take the view does the insurance company name down and the second benefit is that if two people on a number of different types of tactics, but if you are in competition with each other and take the proper coverage for uninsured/Underinsured bodily injury coverage which could lower your premium! "Be careful Johnny", he will give it a few unwanted black marks next to nothing, but fill out on the phone numbers, make a big company. This secondary bit is something that you are looking for cheaper car insurance ME policy or he or she would like to learn about how badly off they are doing financially.
a car insurance ME far more difficult for you to close down your treasure box. Hazard protection means you can shop correctly. The internet enable them access to an agent in your trunk.Item Number: 24-99-71
Artist: Stani Jan Borowski, Polish
Medium: Art Glass
Size: 11.75"H x 8.75"W x 5.5"L
Note: All Art Objects by Borowski Glass Studio are unique and may vary in color from the example shown.
Please call gallery for pricing and availability: 888-264-4887
Each Art Object piece comes with a Certificate of Authenticity from the Borowski Glas Studio. Art Leaders Gallery is an authorized Borowski art glass dealer.
Free shipping in the continental USA. Additional shipping charges may apply for Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico. Client will be contacted regarding shipping if additional charges apply.
The Art of Being a Real Borowski: The items in the Premium Collection Art Objects have a very special value for collectors and art-lovers. The exceptional sculptures in this collection have all been crafted extremely skillfully, are brilliantly colored and particularly elegant. Each one is a hand crafted, personal and signed work created by the artists Pawel or Stani Jan Borowski.
The collection comprises both unique items and limited editions, as well as objects produced in small series. What they all have in common are the highly unusual stories that they interpret – and their individuality. Each Art Objects is a valuable original, born from all the artistic skill and experience of the Borowski brothers. The works produced in the small series are all unique objects in themselves. No “Prince” really has an identical twin, every “Love Messenger” is unique in its coloring, and every “Retro Car” interprets its subject in its own way.Содержание
Grammars organize regexes, just like classes organize methods. The following example demonstrates how to parse JSON, a data exchange format already introduced (see ).
# file lib/JSON/Tiny/Grammar.pm grammar JSON::Tiny::Grammar { rule TOP { ^[ <object> | <array> ]$ } rule object { '{' ~ '}' <pairlist> } rule pairlist { [ <pair> ** [ \, ] ]? } rule pair { <string> ':' <value> } rule array { '[' ~ ']' [ <value> ** [ \, ] ]? } proto token value { <...> }; token value:sym<number> { '-'? [ 0 | <[1..9]> <[0..9]>* ] [ \. <[0..9]>+ ]? [ <[eE]> [\+|\-]? <[0..9]>+ ]? } token value:sym<true> { <sym> }; token value:sym<false> { <sym> }; token value:sym<null> { <sym> }; token value:sym<object> { <object> }; token value:sym<array> { <array> }; token value:sym<string> { <string> } token string { \" ~ \" [ <str> | \\ <str_escape> ]* } token str { [ <!before \t> <!before \n> <!before \\> <!before \"> . ]+ # <-["\\\t\n]>+ } token str_escape { <["\\/bfnrt]> | u <xdigit>**4 } } # test it: my $tester = '{ "country": "Austria", "cities": [ "Wien", "Salzburg", "Innsbruck" ], "population": 8353243 }'; if JSON::Tiny::Grammar.parse($tester) { say "It's valid JSON"; } else { # TODO: error reporting say "Not quite..."; }
A grammar contains various named regex. Regex names may be constructed
the same as subroutine names or method names. While regex names are
completely up to the grammar writer, a rule named
TOP
will, by default, be invoked when the
.parse() method is
executed on a grammar. The above call to
JSON::Tiny::Grammar.parse($tester)
starts by attempting to match the regex named
TOP to the string
$tester.
In this example, the
TOP rule anchors the match to the start and end
of the string, so that the whole string has to be in valid JSON format
for the match to succeed. After matching the anchor at the start of the
string, the regex attempts to match either an
<array> or an
<object>. Enclosing a regex name in angle brackets causes the regex
engine to attempt to match a regex by that name within the same grammar.
Subsequent matches are straightforward and reflect the structure in
which JSON components can appear.
Regexes can be recursive. An
array contains
value. In turn a
value can be an
array. This will not cause an infinite loop as
long as at least one regex per recursive call consumes at least one
character. If a set of regexes were to call each other recursively
without progressing in the string, the recursion could go on infinitely
and never proceed to other parts of the grammar.
The example grammar given above introduces the goal matching syntax
which can be presented abstractly as:
A ~ B C. In
JSON::Tiny::Grammar,
A is
'{',
B is
'}' and
C is
<pairlist>. The atom on the left of the tilde (
A) is matched
normally, but the atom to the right of the tilde (
B) is set as the
goal, and then the final atom (
C) is matched. Once the final atom
matches, the regex engine attempts to match the goal (
B). This has
the effect of switching the match order of the final two atoms (
B and
C), but since Perl knows that the regex engine should be looking for
the goal, a better error message can be given when the goal does not
match. This is very helpful for bracketing constructs as it puts the
brackets near one another.
Another novelty is the declaration of a proto token:
proto token value { <...> }; token value:sym<number> { '-'? [ 0 | <[1..9]> <[0..9]>* ] [ \. <[0..9]>+ ]? [ <[eE]> [\+|\-]? <[0..9]>+ ]? } token value:sym<true> { <sym> }; token value:sym<false> { <sym> };
The
proto token syntax indicates that
value will be a set of
alternatives instead of a single regex. Each alternative has a name of the
form
token value:sym<thing>, which can be read as alternative of
value with parameter
sym set to
thing. The body of such an
alternative is a normal regex, where the call
<sym> matches the value
of the parameter, in this example
thing.
When calling the rule
<value>, the grammar engine attempts to
match the alternatives in parallel and the longest match wins. This is
exactly like normal alternation, but as we'll see in the next section,
has the advantage of being extensible.28- Important Lessons – Chapter 9 – At-Tashahud – Its Meaning 9: Explanation of the Tashahhud
The tashahhud is recited in the salah. Many recite it without knowing its meaning. There are several authentic versions of the Tashahhud and the Sunnah is to diversify between reciting them so that the person revives the sunnah and follows the Prophet sallah Allahu ‘alayhi wassalam. This also takes away from boredom due to repetition of reciting the same one which can lead to neglecting the meaning of what the person is reciting.
We will go over one version in which is the following:
At-Tahiyaatu Lilah wa Salawatu wa Tayibaat, Assalamu ‘Alaika Ayuha Nabi wa Rahmatu Allahi wa Barakatu, Assalamu ‘Alayna wa ‘ala ‘eebadu Allahu Saliheen. Ashadu an La ilaaha illa Lah, wa ashadu ana Muhammedan ‘Abdahu wa Rasulu.
Allahumma salli ‘ala Muhammed wa ‘ala aali Muhammed. Kama sallaytah ‘ala Ibrahim wa ‘ala aali Ibrahim, Innaka Hameedun Majeed. Wa barak ‘ala Muhammed wa ‘ala aali Muhammed. Kama Barakta ‘ala Ibrahim, wa ‘ala aali Ibrahim wa ‘ala aali Ibrahim, Innaka Hameedun Majeed.
And this means:
Salutations (which is the linguistic meaning), magnification, dominion, Kingship, freedom from all evils and any imperfection, benedictions, bowings and prostrating too, existence (all of these terms belong in the meaning of At-Tahiyaat) all belongs to Allah. All good deeds (at-Tayyibaat) belong to Allah. I invoke Allah to bestow safety upon the Prophet sallah Allahu ‘alayhi wassalam and to render him safe from every derogatory evil and the Mercy and Blessings of Allah be upon you. I invoke Allah to bestow safety and security upon myself and for the righteous slaves of Allah subhanahu wa ta’ala. I testify and bear witness that there is no true god worthy of being worshipped except Allah, and I testify that Muhammed is the slave and messenger of Allah.
Oh Allah have Your praise upon the Prophet Muhammed, and upon the household of Muhammed (the household here is referring to Bani Hashim, Bani Mutalib and his wives).as you praised Ibrahim and the household of Ibrahim (the household of Ibrahim are the believers from his offspring and from them are the prophet ‘alayhum assalatu wassalam and the best of them is Muhammed sallah Allahu ‘alayhi wassalam). Verily, Your are the Praised and Glorified. And grant Muhammed and the household of Muhammed the honor and reverence as you granted Ibrahim and the household of Ibrahim. Verily, Your are Praised and Glorified.
It is important to understand this because this will help the musalli to establish khusu’ (sincerity) because he will contemplate its meaning while he recites it making his prayer more proper.
This is what is known as At-Tahiyaat
After you recite this you make an important du’aa which is the following:
Allahumma inni a’uthu bika min al-‘athab Al-Jahannum wa min al-‘athab al-kaber wa min fitnati al-mahya wal mamat wa min al-fitnahtah al-Masi7u Ad-Dajjal.
This means:
Oh Allah, I seek refuge in You from the torment of Hellfire and the torment of the grave and the torment of the life and death and the trials and tribulations from the Pseudo-Christ.
Some of the salaf are of the opinion that this du’a is obligatory.
After reciting this, the person may choose from what he wishes and what he likes from the good of this life and the good of the hereafter before concluding the sallah. However, it is recommended to say that which came from the Prophet sallah Allahu ‘alayhi wassalam who recommended Mu’adth Bin Jabal to say::
Allahummah a’inni ‘ala thikrik wa shukrik wa husni ‘eebadatik.
This means:
Oh Allah help me to remember You and to thank you and in the good conduction of worship to You.
The person may also say:
Allahumma inni thalamtu nafsi thulman katheera wala yaghfiru thanuba illa Ent. Faghfirli maghfiratan min ‘Indik, warhamni innaka Enta Al-Ghafouru Al-Raheem.
Oh Allah I have indeed oppressed my soul excessively and none can forgive them except You, so forgive me a forgiveness from Yourself and have mercy upon me. Verily, You are the Most-Forgiving, the Most-Merciful.
The Prophet sallah Allahu ‘alayhi wassalam taught this du’a to Abu Baker radi Allahu ta’ala ‘anhu as stated in the agreed upon hadith.
Taken from understand-islam.netCarrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat
FlaglerLive | April 14, 2017
Last Updated: 5:45 p.m.
A bomb threat was called into Carrabba’s restaurant on Cypress Edge in Palm Coast late this afternoon. By 5:45 p.m., the scene was declared secure and cleared.
“Subject called in and said basically, ‘I’m going to blow up your building,” a sheriff’s spokesman said just after 5 p.m.
Flagler County Sheriff’s units have converged to the scene, staging at the Walmart parking lot, closing Cypress Edge but only in front of the restaurant, and preparing to examine the scene with a bomb-sniffing dog. The Palm Coast Fire Department is there, as is one rescue by the county’s fire department.
Carrabba’s is at 160 Cypress Edge Drive. Neighboring businesses, which include Florida Hospital Flagler’s annex, have been notified of the emergency, but there are no evacuation orders.
Asked whether any people were left in the restaurant, the spokesman, who was operating on limited information at that point, said: “I can’t say with any certainty whether there is or there is not.” Shortly afterward, the spokesman said the restaurant had been evacuated, and that a bomb-sniffing dog had completed one walk-through of the business, finding “nothing suspicious so far.” Another walk-through was to take place.
It’s not clear from where the call was placed, only that the caller was “pretty straight-forward,” the sheriff’s spokesman said.
The spokesman expected the issue to be resolved “very soon,” with no plans to call in the St. Johns County Sheriff’s bomb squad. That squad is usually called in when a device feared to be a bomb is actually found.
No bomb was found and the all-clear was signaled at 5:45 p.m.
The jerk probably didn’t like his spaghetti and meatballs!
Good old Palm Compton,the rectum of Florida.
what is happening to our city???
This place has sure changed.
Our town is falling part…
Sounds like an ex employee.
Very sick of THIS once nice city. A bunch of hoodlums now. CLEAN UP THIS PLACE AND RUN OUT THESE LOW LIFE TRASHY PEOPLE!!! And the traffic and the way these punks drive needs to stop!!! They do not own our streets.
Review the HR files for recently reprimanded or fired employees. Or maybe an employee’s jilted lover.
PALM COAST…Old people with money & YOUNG people with low paying jobs & no hope. NOT a good combination.
Trace the call that they received!! If was made from a mobil phone will be easier to trace. I like Carrabas and
and is very undermining to any business these anonymous terror threats. Serious issue to be resolved by law enforcement.
This place has changed and it’s a damn Shane. It used to be practically crime Free. We had a nice peaceful City. It’s been taken over by a lot of riff raff.
I was going to stay hoping it would get better. Now, I’m considering other options.
I would prefer to be around a better group or combination of people. Just not the trouble makers.
I have been coming here for 15 years Just made it my permanent home. Probably mischievous kids with nothing to do Not realizing the severity. Something like this could ruin a business. I think that we need more for pre-teens/teens to do. Keep them occupied. My dad always said the idle mind is the devils workshop.
I say BS to all of it!
The food is not good, but not all that bad!
Have beern in this city for about 25 years. Used to work for ITT. It has changed. Along with the increase in population, has been lots of undesirables. All they want is affordable housing AKA low income. No jobs except servers and this place is rapidly deteriorating. A useless city counsel and an even more useless city manager. Not sure this place can be saved.
Palm Coast is a hospitality service town that depends on those people who do not have suitable education or job scales who chose to work in a dead end job where the wages and job skills are perhaps the lowest in the industry and work force. Until the city does not take the required action to improve our work force and attract a more suitable professional work force, unfortunately things like this are a factor in our town.
I agree with Realist and Bob .
But now we have flowers in the middle of PC Parkway…… This place can’t be all bad.
Don CorleoneC4090-451 exam is your next challenge and we are aware of it. Our IBM C4090-451 subject matter specialists have created products to help you pass C4090-451 exam in first attempt. While success in actual C4090-451 exam depends on your will and dedication also, PrepNerd's have the best products to help you achieve your success. Below are the products that we have got for IBM C4090-451 exam.
PrepNerds provides you the most necessary information about the IBM C4090-451 certification exam. We provide real C4090-451 exam questions in PDF format. Our C4090-451 exam practice test software is the best exam simulator out there. We have introduced many Reports and Learning modes for C4090-451 exam to help you evaluate your skill level. While preparing for the actual C4090-451 exam you can customize timing and question types in our practice test software to suit your preparation objectives.
Remember to take advantage of the 30% Limited Time offer on the bundle package.
The ICDL L4 Windows Exam
Jan 15, 2018Here we go – first day in the studio
Set up, backlines, check the fridge, look for toilets
Anand is allowed to power up his gain as high as he always wanted too.
His Amp gets located waaaaay out. Somewhere in a bunker in panama.
hooded with special mats.
But Anand is happy…so what.Acknowledging and Appreciating a Friend’s and Your Own Essence
For almost two years, I’ve had an accountability partner, Lara Simmons. We speak every Friday for about 20 minutes, though sometimes we have longer conversations and sometimes shorter ones. Through the support from each other, we’ve worked on our books, arts, blogs, challenges, and successes. On the first day of Chanukah, I opened my apartment door, to find an envelope from her. She lives in Seattle and we have yet to meet in person. Inside the envelope, there were eight carefully wrapped gifts to be opened one a day. I was filled with joy and love. Lara put so much effort and love into the gifts that made me overcome with emotions. I was on my way out, and when I got back I sent her an email, unsure if words could represent what I was feeling, and how much her gesture touched my heart.
Each day I waited for the evening with anticipation to open the next gift, trying to guess what was inside based on what she wrote in each numbered note. For example, gift 4 said “Because it always helps”, and I figured it was a chocolate bar, and it was! The last one, though, I had assumed it was a writing notepad for new creative projects, but it was a sketch pad, and it made me giggle. All of them had a deeper meaning, which can only come from someone who listens, who is present during conversations, who recognizes the essence of being, and who takes the time to care and appreciate someone’s truth and essence. I felt seen and heard.
How about you? Have you gotten a chance to spend some time with someone and truly listen, even if for only a few minutes a week? Do you know someone so well that you could come up with 8 gifts to give them (no need to get anything expensive), that could make their day, week or life?
I invite you during this holiday season to consider a few people in your life that you have taken the time to truly know over the years. What gifts could you make or buy for them that would make them feel that they matter, that there is someone out there who values them, their expression, their humanity, their authenticity? Could you imagine how that would make them feel? Why not take some time and do it? You will have so much to gain with the knowing that you impacted someone in their core. It might create a ripple effect of others giving and receiving love.
I encourage you to do the same for yourself. If you imagine you were your best friend, and you truly knew what makes you giggle, what makes you feel loved, what makes you know that you matter, how would you acknowledge it? What kind of gift could you hand craft or buy that would show your being that you know how much you matter, and that you honor all parts of you? What gifts will acknowledge to your soul that you are familiar with your own essence?
The gifts I received were carefully chosen, and it made me appreciate Lara and our connection even more. It also made me see myself and my soul from her eyes, and if I may say so, I like what I see. Offer that gift to you and to someone else you know. And let the year end in a beautiful and impactful note.
I’d be happy to hear what gifts you came up with for you and/or a friend.
May this holiday season be filled with love, self-love, light, your essence, magic and miracles.
Namaste,
Elisa Balabram
PS. If all else fails, buy chocolate. Lara and I agree… it always helps.Tipsy tech: House of Peroni's boozy take on virtual reality
This year's House of Peroni residency – a VR spectacle – features artfully designed cocktails including this Peony Peroni Bellini
Each spring, the House of Peroni residency hits London, offering an immersive drinking experience that promises to both bend the mind and excite the palate. To do this, Peroni team up with boundary-pushing artistic talent. Recall last year's edition, where The Boiler Room on Brick Lane was transformed into a wacky dreamscape. This year's theme: virtual reality.
VR-mania has swept the art world since London's 2016 edition of Frieze, wherein Jon Rafman of Seventeen gallery created an enormous virtual snake eating its own tail (which doubled as a rather unsettling visitor seating arrangement). Since then, even traditional institutions like the Royal Academy have championed the medium, concluding its 2016 programming with a 'Virtually Real' exhibition.
'Designing a virtual reality world is therapeutic. It's escapism,' explains Fabio Giampietro, one of the artists involved in creating this year's installation. Stepping off a painfully busy Soho street into the calming, blue-tinted bar, an ethereal world begins to unfold even before you've seen a VR headset.
Artist Fabio Giampietro exploring his virtual world
A beautifully designed aperitivo and cocktail menu, courtesy of master mixologist Simone Caporale, aids the relaxation process. The Peony Peroni Bellini is a particular treat. Puréed peach is merged with Prosecco, a thimble-full of Peroni Nastro Azzuro (an unusual but successful addition) and a floral peony solution.
Once filled with a dash of dutch courage, it's time to brave the VR experience, where things amp-up somewhat. The artists and technicians involved in designing each experience have created worlds of wonder. Friends disappear, the floor vanishes beneath your feet, and the sky turns into your own private light show. Google's 'Tilt Brush' is available should visitors feel the urge to create their own 3D artwork.
VR-mania has swept the art world since London's 2016 edition of Frieze
Prepare to look foolish. On press night, one particularly animated journalist was seen enthusiastically walking into an unsuspecting barman. To prevent the otherwise inevitable smashing of cocktail glasses, an army of VR experts are on standby to hold the hands of headset-wearing guests, should they struggle to find their virtual feet.
Time will tell if VR is in danger of becoming overused and gimmicky, but for now it remains a novel experience – especially after a Peony Peroni Bellini or three.
An example of the Italian aperitivo served at the event
This year's House of Peroni residency space, on Soho's Wardour Street"The Business Visits & Events Partnership (BVEP) does not support the UK Events Week presently, as it has not been consulted or discussed with the Partnership and is unlikely to be considered prior to the next partnership meeting in February 2016.
I think it should be made clear that this is an entirely commercial initiative on the part of MashMedia/Confex whereas Britain for Events, which we wholeheartedly continue to support, is a largely not-for-profit industry wide initiative of which National Events Month in October is but one part. We would have liked to have discussed the BVEP and industry’s role in UK Events Week as the operation of two separate event campaigns is likely to cause unnecessary and unhelpful confusion within the industry and amongst buyers at a time when industry unity is key to building on existing initiatives, such as the newly reformed All Party Parliamentary Group and the Events Industry Board."
Michael Hirst OBE
Chair, the Business Visits & Events Partnershiparbella insurance reviews
arch insurance company claims
architect insurance
are auto insurance quotes free
are car payments tax deductible
are mini coopers expensive to insure
are motorcycles safe
are radar detectors illegal in florida
are radar detectors legal in ohio
arias insurance
arizona auto insurance companies
arizona car insurance minimum coverage
arizona insurance auto auction
arizona insurance auto glass
arkansas auto insurance requirements
arkansas insurance
arl insurance
armed forces insurance leavenworth ks
around the corner insurance durham nc
arzi baton rougeThe Romanian Competition Council recently finalised its study on the primary timber market and has issued recommendations for sector development and boosting competition.
The Competition Council found that there are still significant discrepancies in the numbers reported by the various authorities (the National Statistics Institute, Eurostat and the National Forestry Inventory), for various key indicators such as forest area and average wood volume per hectare.
It also found that, despite a significant reduction in illegal tree cutting due to implemented wood tracking programs and increased penalties, illegal tree cutting remains a concern.
The Competition Council recommends:
- immediate finalisation of the national forestry inventory, which is currently only in place for an insignificant portion of the forestry fund, making it difficult to identify all owners/administrators of forests, especially those failing to comply with applicable legislation;
- modification of forestry legislation in Romania, allowing forests which do not comply with forestry-related regulations to be temporarily granted into administration (at the expense of the forest owner) to the National Company Romsilva ("Romsilva");
- certain measures aiming to curb illegal tree cutting, such as social assistance to be granted in the form of fire wood; a taxation system that penalises non-compliance with forestry-related regulations; and, increased penalties for illegal tree cutting.
It was also found that certain amendments to forestry-related regulations have generated anti-competitive effects, deeming companies uncertified for forest exploitation works and natural individuals requiring fire wood ineligible to participate in tenders organised by administrators of public forests.
The Competition Council also recommended that Romsilva (which holds a dominant position on the timber market, administering approx. 49% of the national forestry fund) register the costs of primary raw matter (timber) and the costs of processing the same, at market price in its accounting. This should prevent Romsilva from subsidising its timber exploitation costs to the detriment of other timber processing operators who do not have access to timber at zero cost (as Romsilva does).
There are two Competition Council pending investigations into possible cartels between companies active on the timber trading market, within the context of certain tenders. The investigations target market sharing, allocating supply sources, and other bid rigging conduct.“The broad mass of a nation… will more easily fall victim to a big lie than to a small one.”
-Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf
If you’ve been awake in the last five years, you probably already know that the production of corn ethanol consumes nearly as much energy as the final product’s energy content (maybe even more, but it’s possible there’s a net gain of as much as 30%). That may still seem like a prodigal way of getting energy, but that’s just the beginning of the story. The real costs of ethanol production are much larger than the natural gas wasted to make it.
First, there is the severe impact on the food supply, which has already caused large increases in U.S. food prices and shortages in countries that we used to feed. This is the inevitable result of the law of supply and demand; when you reduce the supply, the price goes up. There are some brazen liars who try to blame the price increase on increased costs of production, but this is ridiculous when you think about it: farmers have no control over the price of their product and cannot pass their costs on to consumers. This has been their major whine for centuries! Agricultural commodities sell in a competitive market and the seller will get exactly what the market gives, not a penny more or less. If the cost of growing crops is more than their value, the farmer just has to take a loss – unlike a manufacturer, he can’t charger higher prices and sell a little less. In agriculture, you sell at the market price or you sell nothing at all.
Some of the sneakier “bio” fuels crowd want to start in on alternative crops that would supposedly be grown on “marginal” land and not compete with food production. Here’s a fact of life: any crop that will grow on marginal land will grow better on prime land. If there’s better money in growing switchgrass than in growing wheat, farmers won’t waste money developing low-yield marginal land for a crop that has zero non-subsidized value; first they’ll plant switchgrass in their existing fields for a better yield with no investment or risk.
What about “bio” diesel? The energy balance is a little better than ethanol, but it’s still pretty shabby and it still destroys badly needed food supplies. What’s more, diesel – of any kind – is an inherently dirty and polluting fuel. This is just the nature of the diesel engine cycle and cannot be changed. Diesel engines require high compression ratios, which gives them their high power-to-weight ratios but also means that they produce more nitrogen oxides (which contribute to smog, acid rain, and global warming). Also, because the Diesel cycle requires a liquid fuel, complete combustion is all but impossible, and thus diesel engines produce soot, especially in cold weather. Diesel engines are sometimes necessary, but they don’t belong on light vehicles like cars.
Ethanol, though not as bad, is also a dirty fuel – worse than gasoline, though in different ways. Because alcohol burns cooler than gasoline, less nitrogen oxides are formed and less carbon monoxide, but instead you get nasty chemical byproducts like formaldehyde. What’s more, the production of ethanol creates much larger amounts of pollution of all kinds – carbon dioxide from fertilizer manufacture, various pollutants from diesel tractors, nitrogen oxides from fertilizer decay, aldehydes and other processing byproducts, and runoff of fertilizers, pesticides, herbicides, and silt.
But pollution is just the beginning of the eco-catastrophe being wrought by “bio” fuels. The real damage is in the depletion of our precious land and water resources. Most modern cereal production (and certainly any increased production) requires irrigation. Using up precious water for unnecessary crops that contribute very little net energy is incredibly foolhardy; water shortages are a far more serious problem than energy shortages. Irrigation puts a heavy demand on dwindling water supplies, often using up groundwater that is (for all practical purposes) irreplaceable.
Irrigation also destroys the soil over the long run by salinating it. Any water that’s been in contact with the ground has some salt in it, and inevitably some of this salt is left behind in the soil. In some places irrigation can also bring up additional salt from subsurface soil layers, which can destroy the soil quite rapidly. More often, it is a very long process as only a trace of salt is added each year, but it does add up and some of the best agricultural land in America is already suffering heavy attrition from salination.
Needless to say, agriculture also depletes the soil of nutrients. We routinely replace nitrogen in mass quantities (which consumes a lot of energy and creates a lot of pollution), but other nutrients are much more problematic. Calcium has to be replaced by quarrying limestone and grinding it up, which is very expensive if the limestone has to be hauled any distance. Phosphorus is also mined (in the form of phosphates); it is already expensive and supply shortages are expected. Potassium is still more difficult to replace – and these are just the major plant nutrients. Iron, sulfur, magnesium, zinc, boron, copper, manganese, selenium and molybdenum are also gradually used up by cropping (and sometimes washed out by irrigation). Just as importantly, tilling causes rapid decay of the vital organic matter that helps keep soil permeable to air and water and able to retain water and nutrients.
The biggest source of fertility loss, however, is erosion. Modern farming practices have greatly reduced this, but millions of acres of land are still ruined every year in the U.S. alone. Much of the eroded silt winds up in rivers and lakes, where it wreaks havoc on ecosystems. Silt and fertilizer runoff are responsible for the vast dead zone – thousands of square miles – in the Gulf of Mexico where the Mississippi river delivers the waste from most of North America’s farming.
Every ninety hours, the combined effects of erosion and salination cost the world as much cropland as the entire Chernobyl exclusion zone – that’s a hundred Chernobyls, every single year, caused mostly by agriculture.
Of course, most of this is for food production, not “bio” fuels – but we should hardly be planning to make large increases in it without a very good reason! And regarding the prospect of growing switchgrass or the like on marginal land, we should keep in mind that this “marginal” land isn’t just waste – most of it is either pasture (now being naturally and sustainably fertilized!) or part of the last remaining wilderness and wildlife refuge in the world. And much of this “marginal” land is very vulnerable to erosion, being relatively steeply sloped. If we destroy it, we won’t get it back.
Brazil has already ruined a great deal of its “marginal” land (in this case, rain forest) in its miguided quest for temporary energy independence. The production of ethanol from cane sugar in the tropics has a far better energy balance than any “bio” fuel available to the U.S., yet even with this advantage Brazil had needed to raze most of its forests for crops. Unfortunately, the cleared forest soil is low in nutrients and subject to hardening when exposed to rainfall, and is often useless after just a few years. Then the only option is to burn some more rain forest… but the rain forest is starting to run out. Some of this devastation is due to the demand for cattle, not sugar cane – and isn’t it a bitter irony that the same “environmentalists” who would rather see people starve than see forests cut down, applaud the destruction of those same forests for the purpose of replacing gasoline with ethanol which is dirtier and more expensive?
One of the side effects of clearing more land for crops is a huge increase in atmospheric CO2. Trees tie up large amounts of carbon, and Brazil has burned so much forest that it now has a larger carbon footprint than the U.S. “Bio” fuels in general cause a major increase in global warming (as compared to fossil fuels). In addition to the CO2 released when they are burned, there is all the CO2 released in the process of growing and making them – it takes a lot of energy, remember? Most of that energy comes from natural gas. There is also a substantial amount of nitrous oxide created as a byproduct of fertilization – and nitrous oxide is 300 times more powerful a greenhouse gas than CO2. And then there’s the CO2 released by clearing land, whether that’s done the quick way by burning vegetation or the slow way by tilling the soil so that the organic content decays.
On an energy-for-energy basis, the burning of ethanol (by itself, without any of the other contributions) releases the same amount of CO2 as gasoline. Only on a liter-for-liter basis does ethanol release less CO2 – the energy content of ethanol is a third less than that of gasoline. It has also been deceptively claimed that “bio” fuels are carbon-neutral because growing them takes the same amount of carbon out of the atmosphere. This is false, because it doesn’t account for the greenhouses gases emitted in the process of making “bio” fuels – and it should be obvious to anyone that the land used for growing crops would not be totally barren if left uncultivated; some of it will actually sequester less carbon once it has been converted from forest into crops. This is certainly true of the “marginal” land that is temporarily cultivated and then abandoned because it can no longer support crops!
Anyone who cares about global warming would make it their first priority to put a stop to the use of so-called “bio” fuels. There is no other way of achieving so large a reduction in greenhouse gases so quickly, and there is no advantage whatever to using them. They are catastrophic for the environment, bad for the economy, bad for the poor (who are hurt the most by food shortages), and sometimes bad for your car as well.
“Bio” fuels have never had any prospect for making a major contribution to our energy supply. There simply isn’t enough land in the U.S.; even Brazil, with its vastly better conditions, doesn’t have enough land. Because they are expensive, “bio” fuels transfer wealth from taxpayers (who are forced to pay for the subsidies) to the giant agribusinesses that produce them. The artificially high food prices also benefit the owners of factory farms at the expense of everyone else. Smaller farmers benefit too, of course, like remoras clinging to a shark, but less than one percent of Americans work full time at farming – and one hundred percent of Americans have to eat.
Another beneficiary of the “bio” fuels dementia has been the natural gas industry, because the extra demand for natural gas (used to make fertilizer and drive chemical processes) has forced the price up sharply. Again, it is the poor who are most hurt by the higher cost of home heating. And who benefits – why, the same oil companies who own the natural gas wells, and who also own huge tracts of farmland and have partnership deals with the big manufacturers of ethanol!
If you don’t smell a rat yet, you should cut off your nose and mail it in for a refund. The oil companies are raping us at both ends – they profit from the ethanol itself, from the higher food prices, and from the waste of natural gas – while at the same time greenwashing their own dirty image and diverting public attention from energy sources that might actually compete with oil. They get around the necessity of finding replacements for gasoline additives like MBTE, and as an added bonus, the presence of ethanol allows gas stations to water your gasoline without detection. (If your mileage goes down by more than 2-3% on 10% gasohol, you should suspect adulteration. On the other hand, you should protect the environment by avoiding gasohol if it all possible.)
Ethanol is a gigantic swindle perpetrated by Big Oil – along with soy diesel, switchgrass, and any other crop-based “bio” fuels. But what about energy generated from other bio-sources like “cellulosic waste”? Some of these may be acceptable, but remember that everything “bio” is something we take from the living environment – there’s nothing “green” about it; “bio” fuels don’t support life, they burn it. All biological “waste” contains nutrients that could be returned to the soil – nitrogen, phosphorus, trace minerals, organic matter, whatever. Even if we’re presently wasting it, making it into fuel is not necessarily preferable to recycling it. And a certain amount of crop waste should always be left in fields to protect them from erosion – it’s the single most effective defense against the single biggest soil thief.
The only “bio” fuel that is environmentally positive is “producer gas” – methane generated from the decay of sewage, landfill trash, etc. This gas gets produced anyway, it contains no nutrients, and it’s a very powerful greenhouse gas, so we actually benefit by burning it. However, the available amount is quite small – a well-designed sewage treatment plant might recover enough energy to meet its own needs, but that’s about it. Any other “bio” fuels that are environmentally acceptable will also be strictly limited in quantity. There’s a niche there, but not a very big one.
Sadly, there’s not much chance of changing the legislative ethanol agenda set by Big Oil. Nor is there much chance of a shift to sustainable agriculture before it’s too late. But most of us still have, at least, the option not to buy their damned moonshine.I re-discovered psychedelics a couple years ago and fell in love with them, at least at first. It's hard to pinpoint when it started. There were some was one particularly awful psilocybin trip, some unbelievable DMT experiences, but in the end I think it was all the LSD that did it: crippling depression. I had done my research. I knew serotonergic psychedelics aren't thought to cause mental health issues. I also knew they can exacerbate existing mood and personality disorders. What I didn't know was that I was actually suffering from moderate depression to begin with. Maybe I was in denial about the dosages I was taking, or maybe it was that I had nearly forgotten the original diagnosis from 20 years ago, or maybe I'm just not very bright. Regardless, I paid for it. At the lowest point I was crying dozens of times a day for no reason at all. I was suicidal for a while. It's been about a year since I quit using but I'm finally starting to get better. My doctor has been trying new meds and I'm slowly improving. I'm going back to school, working on becoming a better employee, trying to be more social, and generally trying to stay positive. The insomnia is pretty rough but at least reddit is open 24/7.
I went through hell and I have no doubt others have gone through worse. The thing is, I don't regret any of it. When I look back on the lessons I learned through all those trips I realize they made an enormous net positive impact. It's hard for me to believe that that these substances can't be incredibly valuable if you're the kind of person who can use them responsibly. I, however, am not.Full body powder antichip. Final report Page: 3 of 10:
04/17/96 09:29 .. .810.776 2009
APR 17 '96 10:16 FR PAINT AND ENERGY MGT 810 776 2009 TO 813027396242 P.04/15
- . R. 2 2 19
The burners in the air supply houses must heat the average annualtemperature of 550
F (from the U.S. Weather Bureau) to the 700 F required for the application of either
coating. Because the air in the powder booth is not solvent laden, 80 to 100 percent
of the air may be recycled back to the booth. The reduction -in the quantity of air
required for the smaller, reduced downdraft powder booth and the ability to recycle
means-that a much smaller quantity of air must be heated. Utilizing the temperature
differential, the volumetric air flow, and the fact that .018 BTU's are required to raise
one (1) cubic foot of air one (1) degree Fahrenheit, Table 3 of the appendix
demonstrates the energy required for heating the booth to normal operating
temperature. Art annual energy savings of 2.26 X 1010 BTU has been estimated.
Ovens must also be ventilated to prevent a hazardous build-up of volatile solvents. The
NFPA 86-A requires 10,000 cubic feet of air for each gallon of solvent evaporated in
a liquid. paint system. Although the powder oven air supply is not solvent laden, the
NFPA applies a safety factor of nine percent (9%) for the volatile content in powder
coatings and recommends 1500 cubic feet for each pound of these assigned volatiles.
Again, the quantity of fresh air required and therefore the energy necessary to raise
it to curing temperature are both greatly reduced as is shown in Table 4 in the
appendix. An annual energy savings of 2.60 X 10'3 BTU/yr per powder booth is
estimated when compared to the liquid spray booth.
The liquid paint spray systems include incineration of the oven volatile organic
compounds (VOC's) at 15000 F. Since there are minimal VOC's in powder coatings
and the only possible releases occur only during polymerization, incineration is not
required. The associated annual savings resulting from the elimination of the
incinerator utilized on the liquid spray system is 1.44 x 1010 BTU's per unit installed,
as can be seen in Table 5 of the appendix.
The total annual energy savings estimated in Table 7 for the successful implementation
of this full body powder antichip system rather than a liquid paint spray system are
estimated to be 4.07 X 1010 BTU's. For the sixteen year period between 1995 and
2010, a single powder antichip booth will result in a energy consumption reduction of
8.52 X 10" BTU's.
The annual cost savings is approximately $388 thousand, far below the original
estimates. In the original submission, the largest contributor was the annual material
cost savings, estimated to be $3.804 million per year at a production rate of 74
vehicles per hour. Because of reduced market demand, the plant ran at a reduced
production rate of 42 vehicles per hour. In addition, the original utilization efficiency
of 95% has not been achieved due to an unknown source of contamination of the
recycled powder. The utilization efficiency achieved in the plant has been 58%. As a
result of the lowered production and utilization, Newark has realized a disappointing
annual material cost savings of $296,563. Chrysler is working diligently to improve
this.
Full body powder antichip. Final report, report, April 17, 1996; United States. (digital.library.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metadc670047/m1/3/: accessed January 16, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, Digital Library, digital.library.unt.edu; crediting UNT Libraries Government Documents Department.Windows
Condemned Criminal Origins2 7z
Download FREE And Anonymously
Torrent info
Name:Condemned Criminal Origins2 7z
Total Size: 3.08 GB
Magnet: Magnet Link
Seeds: 0
Leechers: 0
Last Updated: 2013-05-04 12:50:18 (Update Now)
Torrent added: 2009-08-21 06:37:43
Alternatives:Condemned Criminal Origins2 7z Torrents
Torrent Files List
Condemned - Criminal Origins.7z (Size: 3.08 GB) (Files: 1)
Condemned - Criminal Origins.7z
Announce URL:
Torrent description
Game Notes:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
related torrents
Torrent namehealth leech seeds Size
Condemned Criminal Origins RELOADED
Condemned Criminal Origins RELOADED
MoR Condemned Criminal Origins RELOADED
2009***Condemned Criminal Origins***by danger2u

Dr. Anissa BOUZALMAT Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University - Morocco Contact Details Email - anissabouzalmat@yahoo.fr Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University, Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Science and Technology, Road of Imouzzer B.P.2202 ,30000, Fez, Morocco Morocco
ABOUT Dr. Anissa BOUZALMATAnissa BOUZALMAT received a Master in "Computer Science, Computer Graphics and Imaging" from Faculty of Science of Fez. In 2014 she received the Ph.D degree in "Biometric Authentification by Face Recognition: Face and Profile" from Sidi mohamed Ben Abdelah University, Faculty of Science and Techniques, Laboratory: Intelligent Systems and Applications (ISA)-Fez (Morocco, Fez). Currently i'm Administrator of information system in the University hospital center of Fez for implementing the Hospital Information System (HIS).
Dr. Anissa BOUZALMAT handles review of manuscripts that are submitted under the following topics.
- Image processing
- Computer Engineering
- Signal processing
- Communications and data security
- Computer security
- Bioinformatics!-DHTML scripts by Dynamic Drive ()-->
Welcome to your transporter, at your service. The purpose of this page is to help you conveniently find ertl amt items you're looking for. If you decide you want to look for different ERTL COLLECTIBLE merchandise, click here to return to our master ERTL COLLECTIBLE index of most commonly searched phrases. Let us whisk you away to a wonderful marketplace, click on the link below and you'll find what you want!:Amouage has launched Figment, a new fragrance duo.
Figment Woman ~ "Am." Additional notes include orris and incense. 100 ml Eau de Parfum for £245.
Figment Man ~ ." 100 ml Eau de Parfum for £235.
Amouage Figment is available now at Selfridges in the UK.
(via selfridges)
Leave a comment, or read more about commenting at Now Smell This. Here's a handy emoticon chart.
Why doesn’t anyone ever advertise that my mind’s eye has “magnetism and magnificence” or a “poetic embroidered garden”?
Not sure that either of these sound like my cuppa but I’ll probably sample them anyhow eventually, just out of curiosity.
You need to write your own ad copy then
Silly me. The name made me thing it was going to be a fig-centric scent. Gorgeous colors for the bottles, though.
Oh, I thought the same thing!
Me too, I’ve had to read the notes twice as I though I did not see the fig note the first time!
I’d like to sample Figment Man. I was all excited about the name, too, thinking it was a new fig scent.
Love the floral on the box – can I get a silk scarf with that pattern?! 😉
It would be perfect for a scarf, wouldn’t it? Lovely!
I’m getting exhausted with the number of releases from this house. I remain loyal, but I miss the slower paced releases and the more opulent fragrances. Having said that, I will most likely buy the woman’s fragrance and maybe the man’s. I’m not giving up yet!
Let’s just say I’m saving my pennies for Jubilation 25. Wonderful bottles though.
Sounds interesting enough to sample, pretty bottle. None of the last 4-5 releases have done anything for me but there’s always hope.WASHINGTON — Several Supreme Court justices seemed receptive Wednesday to the idea that portions of President Barack Obama's health care law can survive even if the court declares the centerpiece unconstitutional.
On the third and last day of arguments, the justices seemed skeptical of the position taken by Paul Clement, a lawyer for 26 states seeking to have the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act tossed out in its entirety.Dear Three’s Parents,
I hope that you and your family had a wonderful spring break. It is hard to believe that we only have two months of school left. The year has flown by and Becky and I have certainly enjoyed being with your children throughout this year.
March was a very busy month with lots of messy activities from the sensory table being filled with rice, some new manipulative activities, to drawing under the table for “U” day, St. Patrick’s Day and Easter activities. The children still enjoy our Friday movement class and this month they enjoyed the scooters. Many thanks to the Elling and Olson families for the delicious Easter snack and treats.
We have been working on Mat Man almost weekly and the children have certainly enjoyed drawing him. In the coming month we will be adding a new aspect of the Handwriting Without Tears program which includes Aim and Scribble which allows the child to learn to “steer” the crayon. This approach allows for a gradual development in making deliberate single strokes with control. These pre-stroke activities are fun and give lots of practice to moving the crayon. There are songs such as the “Ant, the Bug, and the Bee” that accompany the activities so you might hear your child singing such songs. We will also encourage the children to become familiar with the parts of the letters – long and short lines, big and little curves (all part of Mat Man) - which will lead to the beginning ability to form letters, ideally the first letter of their own name.
This month we are focusing on Spring – how things grow and replenish, taking care of our environment through Earth Day activities and what the seasons mean. We will continue to learn the days of the week and how they relate to their own lives. We will count and group objects up to five and learn more about “first” and “last”. We will be looking at the last few letters of the alphabet – “W”, “X”, “Y” and “Z” and then we will have an Alphabet “Party” – celebrating all the letters! But more importantly, we will enjoy being outside as much as possible including exploring the world around us, doing art projects, reading and snack all outside. Wednesday, April 10th will be an All School Event day focusing on one of Eric Carle’s books and that Friday, April 12th dentist Dr. Tom Roberts will visit the school ad talk with the children about dental health in a child friendly manner. The following Friday, April 19th the Kindergarten Class will present to the entire school their absolutely delightful circus.
With the warm weather arriving and your children having grown over the past months, I would appreciate it if you would send in a change of clothes for spring. As I receive the change of clothes I will return the ones we currently have at the school. Believe me, the change of clothes do come in handy especially if we are outside playing with water.
Also if your child isn’t already, encourage your child to walk into school in the morning by themselves or with a buddy. Once they do it they truly feel a sense of accomplishment, independence and of being a “big kid” and ready for the Four Year Old class next year. I realize that some parents enjoy the chance to walk their child into the building and I certainly respect your wishes. [note - not included in newsletter - evelyn and sylvia have been doing this for months!]
Be on the lookout for information regarding the Annual School Olympics on Saturday afternoon, April 27th at 3pm and plan ahead to attend the Annual Art Show and Ice Cream Social on Friday evening, May 3rd.
As always if you have any questions, concerns or suggestions, do not hesitate to call or email me.
Mary Olivia
Becky
UPCOMING IMPORTANT DATES:
Wednesday, April 10th – All School Event – Eric Carle Day
Saturday, April 27th – St. Aidan’s School Olympics, School grounds, 3pm
Friday, May 3rd -- ANNUAL ART SHOW AND ICE CREAM SOCIALInternational
Vice President Mike Pence Weighs In On North Korea Situation
WASHINGTON--Columbus, Indiana native and Vice President Mike Pence is backing President Trump in the conflict with North Korea.
North Korea claims to have successfully tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile, topped with a "super-large heavy warhead," which is capable of strking the U.S. mainland.
The country's state media made the announcement Wednesday, hours after leader Kim Jong Un ordered the 3 a.m. launch of the Hwasong-15 missile, which reached the highest altitude ever recorded by a North Korean missile.
The Kim regime in North Korea would do well not to test the resolve of this @POTUS – or the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States. pic.twitter.com/62KvheZUpc
— Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) November 29, 2017
That echoed President Trump's comments on North Korea.
The launch was the first since September, and came despite repeated warnings from President Donald Trump who told reporters at the White House after the launch that the US "will handle" the situation.
(PHOTO: Pence_WIBCStock)This feature (based on WALS feature 115, by Martin Haspelmath) concerns the expression of negative sentences with indefinite pronouns such as ‘I didn’t see anything’ or ‘Nobody came to my house’. The question asked here is whether in such sentences the indefinite pronoun co-occurs with predicate negation (e.g. English I did not see anybody), or whether the indefinite pronoun precludes it (i.e. does not allow negation to be used, e.g. English I saw nobody/*I did not see nobody). Note that in this feature, we are not interested in whether the indefinite pronoun itself carries negative meaning, i.e. the issue of “double negation” is left aside. Sentences like I didn’t see anybody and I didn’t see nobody have the same status (indefinites cooccur with predicate negation). The reason for this is that in many languages it is hard to tell whether an indefinite pronoun is “inherently negative”. The indefinite words used in such sentences are not always special pronouns, but are sometimes generic nouns like ‘person’, or ‘thing’ (as in Feature 21).Đang Thực Hiện
156590 Image gallery
Ngân sách N/A
Hai,
I need a flash image gallery like the gallery which i mentioned below link. I didn't want you to make new template design. Coz i have to use my own design. So i require only script. If possible please make it in a rough template, this will be easier for me to change the layout.
Am in short of money so please quote reasonable price.
And please no pirated action scripts. I want the copyright after i purchased from you.
Link: [url removed, login to view]I tend to have mixed feelings about fall. On one hand, I love sexy Halloween costumes and pumpkin spice lattes. On the other, I hate having to dress in layers and not being able lounge around naked. Until I can sell enough sexy novels to retire in a tropical climate, my feelings will likely remain mixed.
One other thing that adds to that mixed sentiment is the prospect of raking leaves. I happen to live in a part of the country that has beautiful fall foliage, but requires a lot of messy yard maintenance. In fact, I’m convinced that part of the reason anyone has kids in this part of the country is to help them do dishes and rake leaves.
I remember many exhausting weekends in my youth, toiling in my yard and raking bags upon bags of leaves. There was just no end to it. Other than scrubbing the bathroom floor with a toothbrush, I can’t think of a more frustrating chore.
So to those who despise raking leaves as much as I do, I dedicate this week’s edition of my Sexy Sunday Thoughts to those who share in the soreness. Every chore is agonizing, to some extent. Some are just more agonizing than others. It’s those laborious moments when we need some sexy sentiments the most.
“Every great hero often begins their pursuit of greatness with an elaborate effort to get laid.”
“No relationship can hope to survive when two people cannot agree on the settings for the thermostat.”
“The prevalence of both circumcision and the human race is proof that even unwilling mutilation is not enough to stop legions of horny men.”
“The best hope any man has at getting a blowjob from a millennial woman is to make their semen taste like a latte.”
“Casual sex is like a Hot Pocket. Making love is like caviar. Angry make-up sex is like leftover pizza. All are delicious in their own special way.”
“Thanks to the invention of smartphones, there are probably more images of genitalia circulating today than there has ever been at any point in human history.”
“Wit and charm are just coy descriptions of a man who avoids saying things that immediately kill a woman’s sex drive.”
I hope these sexy sentiments make your back less sore when clearing your yard. Maybe one day I’ll make enough money from my sexy novels to pay people and/or robots to rake my leaves for me. Until that day comes, I’ll just use it as an excuse to work up a good sweat, feel extra sexy, and channel that into my next novel. In the end, everyone wins.>Ken, mine's a Jan-01 production too... The car just turned one >year old last week and amazingly, I've been Blessed w/a car that >has had no problems whatsoever! (that I'm aware of...) > me too, a 1/01 build date. must have been a good month because my car is strong, and NO problems at all. Cool beans. __________ WJG '01 S4 _________________________________________________________________ MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:If you are a human in this world that doesn’t mean that you have all the rights that a cat can’t have, such as all the fun than the Internet offers, like Snapchat for instance.
Ah well, things have changed and cats are slowly starting to take over the world, as we’ve known their intention to be for centuries. Enjoy this gallery of Snapchats of cats who will put a smile on your face and make your day better, courtesy of Awkward.Boston boy dies in accidental shooting by brother
Brother, 14, faces charges in shooting death
A 14-year-old boy is facing juvenile charges in the accidental shooting death of his 9-year-old brother.
The teen will be arraigned Monday on delinquency charges of involuntary manslaughter and illegal possession of a firearm, Suffolk District Attorney Daniel Conley said Friday.
Watch NewsCenter 5's report
The victim was a fourth-grade student at Hennigan School in Jamaica Plain, a Boston Public Schools spokesman said.
Investigators believe the teen was being reckless with the gun when it discharged, Conley said.
Police were called to the boys' home in the city's Mattapan neighborhood at about 11:30 Friday morning and found the wounded boy, who was pronounced dead later at a hospital.
Police Commissioner William Evans said the 14-year-old apparently panicked and ran away. He said the boy was "very remorseful" when police found him a short time later.
"It looks like what we have here is a terrible tragedy," Evans said, adding "it breaks your heart to see a young kid like that, a curly-haired kid, be wheeled by with a gunshot wound to the chest."
Another sibling was at home when the 9-year-old was shot, Evans said. The mother, who wasn't at home but was nearby, is "extremely distraught," he said.
Police are investigating how the boy got the gun and why the children weren't in school. Conley said there's no evidence anyone in the family knew the boy had the gun.
Mayor Martin Walsh said a 14-year-old "should not be in a situation where he has access to a gun, whether it was horseplay or whatever the circumstances." He and Evans urged residents to help get illegal guns off the streets.
In 2007, an 8-year-old Boston boy was accidentally shot by his 7-year-old cousin as they played with a handgun that belonged to the victim's 15-year-old brother. In that case, the 15-year-old served a juvenile sentence for involuntary manslaughter. Their mother was acquitted of involuntary manslaughter for allowing the unsecured gun in the home but was convicted of at first lying to police about the circumstances.A large blue chip organisation with a fantastic reputation for hiring best in class candidates are looking for a part qualified/ newly qualified accountant. You will be the point of contact and key business partner for all inventory (P&L and Balance Sheet) related month end closing activities and ongoing processes and queries for a cluster of countries within Consumer EAME structure. You will also supporting the Senior Regional Inventory Analyst with any queries or projects as they occur.
Inventory process in scope includes, but are not limited to, the following:
The candidate:Ron and Monika Endsley Texas / California?
Hello, i am looking for Ronald and Monika Endsley. I believe they married in the early 70's in Germany, and Ronald was stationed in Bindlach, Vilseck, Bayreuth. My friend has lost contact about 30 years ago. They lived in Houston Tx and the last we know is that they wanted to move to California. They have a son named Eli, they may have been divorced. We found a Ronald Endsley working for a Company called Railcrew Xpress, probably as a truck driver as recent as March 2007.
If anyone knows about this branch of Endsleys we would appreciate to hear from you. Monika is a German Lady and may have moved back to Germany - we don't know...
Thank you very much :-)I am joining in on Friend Makin' Monday! If you would like to join in go to Kasey's to read all the rules and post your linky!
This week's task is to complete the following tag:
5 Senses Tag
List 4 things we love and 1 thing we dislike for each sense.
Smell
1. Dinner cooking in the crockpot....I love to smell it all throughout the day
2. Vanilla candles
3. the beach. I LOVE entering the beach area with the windows down and being overwhelmed with the smell.
4. baking cookies
Dislike: burnt popcorn
Touch
1. Hot showers…the hotter the better
2. My daughter reaching for my hand to hold as we walk down the deck to the car in the morning
3. My husband’s hugs…..even though this turns into gropes most of the time and I often complain….at least I know he still wants/loves me.
4. Clean sheets. The feel of clean, crisp sheets rocks!
Dislike: cutting raw meat
Sound
1. Hearing M saying Mommy, it still warms my heart.
2. Listening to kids laugh…it’s so contagious
3. Oldies songs….like Brown Eyed Girl, Sweet Home Alabama….Im not big into music but these songs make me feel good.
4. Birds chirping…..it reminds me of spring
Dislike: the sound of motorcycles going fast…..I have a friend who was in a motorcycle wreck and he is now functioning at a 2 yr old’s level. His poor family has been through so much just so he could go fast for 5 mins.
Taste
1.Mt Dew
2. Pizza
3. Red Velvet Cake
4. chocolate chip cookies
Dislike: Cooked Veggies
Sight
1. Sunset or Sunrise
2. Seeing my daughters develop a sisterly bond.
3. Beautiful colors in my yard
4. Fall leaves
Dislike: seeing anyone cry
Book Club Beginnings
1 day ago
15 comments:
I hate the smell of burnt popcorn too...ewww!
I'm so with ya on the hot showers!
And groping hugs are nice/annoying aren't they?
Have and awesome Monday!
Clean sheets, good music...the groping husband..(I couldn't stop laughing at that one) and the beach. All great things to tickle the senses!
I can totally relate to the hugs that turn to gropes! I, too complain about them, all the while delighting in the fact that my hubs still wants me!
So many of us on here love clean sheets!! So funny!
I love the changing colors of the fall- but we do not get much of it here in Central Texas...sigh!
Have a great week!
~Becca
Burnt popcorn...so gross! And sorry to hear about your friend's motorcycle accident. That's sad and I don't blame you for not liking that sound anymore. Nice to meet ya through FMM!
Hi,
Yes, burnt popcorn...ugh..open up those windows!
I'm so glad my dh didn't get a motorcycle! I'm sorry to hear about your friend's accident! That is horrible!
I enjoyed your list! Have a great week!
Loved the hugs/groping...made me laugh!!! Isn't it the truth!
Love the beach smell, too bad I don't live close to one!:-)
Have a great night!
Tanielle
I haven't been to the beach in soo long, I forgot what it smells like! Great list. Sorry to hear about your friend.
Hope you're having a great night!
-Ruth Ann
Fall leaves are the best, and burnt popcorn is the worst! :-) Love your blog! (congrats on getting a pedicure, by the way!!)
Love pizza and clean sheets! And why is it that burnt popcorn is so awful? It truly is.
I love your list I love to smell dinner in the crockpot too!
Thanks for stopping by!
Carrie
I kinda like burnt popcorn....Movie's on, kids asleep, hubby in the kitchen. Kinda cozy!
I loved your lists! We relate on so many of them.
I've been thinking about doing this FMM thing...but haven't quite jumped on the bandwagon yet.
mmm, i want pizza now ;)...
great list!
I am new over at FMMs and thought I'd pop in!
I totally agree with the hot showers....and burnt popcorn is soooo nasty. I remember when I was expecting kiddo #1....I smelled that and totally hurled.
Nice to meet you!Here’s a selection of readers letters from today’s Yorkshire Evening Post.
Time for Orgreave to be consigned to history
George Marsden, Colton, Leeds
Home Secretary Amber Rudd has stated there will be no public inquiry into the Battle of Orgreave,good.
It’s time to draw a line under
What would Mark Twain say about Leeds?
Roger Bates, Shadwell
Further to the Arradis Report placing Leeds above London, Edinburgh and Manchester in terms of quality of life I feel sure that the American humorist Mark Twain (1835-1910) would agree enthusiastically with that last one.
Indeed, following one visit to Europe he wrote, “I would like to live in Manchester, England. The transition between Manchester and death would be unnoticeable”.
Furious over care home news
Hilary Schofield of Churwell, daughter of Emma Jones resident of Siegen Manor.
I WRITE further to your article about an under-staffed care home in Drighlington which has been placed into special measures by a health watchdog. (Morley Observer, September 21)i.
This is just what I need to read about on the day I found out through the press and media that Siegen Manor care home in Morley is set to be closed. My mum is 98 years old has been resident there for over 7 years she has been well cared for at all times, happy and very settled, she is frail, very poor sighted, deaf andhas vascular dementia.
To my knowledge there is two care homes in the Morley area that under special measures and others on improvements needed.
So well done to Leeds Adult Socail Care on there proposed closure of Siegan which is rated good on all aspects, how can we let this happen this can not be correct.
I am so angry over plan to close I feel so strongly that the welfare and care does defiantly not belong in the private sector.
Bad news for abused women
Eileen Robottom, by email
You report (Yorkshire Evening Post, September 21) on efforts to tackle the appallingly high rate of domestic violence in the city. Coun Lisa Mulherin speaks of helping those affected to “access the support they need to help protect them and break away from their abuser if needed.”
Yet breaking away depends on having somewhere else to go; and government policy is making this harder, and therefore putting more lives at risk.
The government claims it is protecting the future of domestic violence refuges by delaying until 2019 the capping of refuge residents’ Housing Benefit to Local Housing Allowance Rates, and then introducing a new system of funding whereby the support element will be paid not from Housing Benefit but from a budget set by central government and to be administered by the Local Authority.
Such a plan means that the funding available is no longer determined by the level of need and is no longer a right for those who need it but will depend upon how much is in the pot.
Given the enormous financial pressures on the Local Authority, it is also likely that funding for domestic violence survivors from outside the Local Authority will be refused. This undermines a basic principle of refuge provision, the recognition that a survivor’s safety may depend on being rehoused at a distance, in a place where they cannot be tracked down by the perpetrator.
The desperate shortage of social housing affects the safety of anyone seeking to flee domestic violence and family abuse. Social housing is being attacked on many flanks: forced sell offs of higher-value housing to pay for subsidies on housing association tenants’ right to buy; replacement of social-rented homes in new developments by expensive “starter homes” to buy; gaping holes left in the budgets of council and housing association providers by the compulsory 1% year-on-year rent cuts and by deep Housing Benefit Cuts which leave thousands literally unable to pay their rent. Until these policies are reversed, many of those affected by domestic violence will continue to be denied the right to live free of fear and to make a new life for themselves and their children.
Library letter misses point
Ivan Kovaks, by email,
I see Nick Keer has not been to a library for over 20 years, apart from a community forum meeting,
However, clearly Mr Keer is only thinking of himself and his own situation and not that of others. His letter is littered with references to buying things . If you cannot afford to by the computer you could always use the free ones at the local library; but wait Mr Keer has closed them all!
I agree with him about keeping up with new developments, but for many, who unlike him, cannot afford to buy so much, can only find the place to keep up all this is in the local library.
A library is not just about books there are many other aspects such as club meetings and for many it is a social essential. These places are also used for many other community or hobby activities outside the regular opening hours.
He makes a good point about isolationism but for many, especially those less well off than him the place they go to avoid this is the local library. It looks like Mr Keer is advocating a technology induced isolationism and eventually becomes bereft of real human interaction.
It would be a tragedy
David Gregson, Dewsbury
In reply to Mr Nick Keer `no tragedy if library closes`..
Let’s name a few The conversation group run by volunteers and is a vital social link for people who are isolated, hildrens book clubs, facilities provided for a local mental health support group run by volunteers, one of which is my mother who is in her 80s.
The local elderly support groups like WISE and libraries have offered their facilities for charity fundraising. Some libraries offer their training rooms at discount rates for charities and social care providers. Internet access is provided for everyone with extra services like training and job searching for those many people who have lost their jobs and are in a desperate situation.
Working as a carer on minimum wage and paying council tax there are many local services I dont use but I know we have a duty to provide them. Mr Keer yes it would be a tragedy for all libraries to close.
Come out of isolation
Mike Weston, Morley
Sorry to see that Nick Keer admits to a potential life of isolation due to the Internet.
The simple answer would be to visit his local library. He will find real people having a great time. The Morley library is hosts to some of the Morley Arts Festival over the next two weeks. Other groups meet on a regular basis and this week the golden days group are supporting Macmillan cancer .
The children’s library is a delight and up stairs the Morley History group are in regular attendance. I’ve just collected two brand new books I ordered worth over £40 at nil cost to me
Please Nick come in and try some or all of your local libraries and spread your wings.Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AP Photo/Matt Dunham
Imagine running in Allyson Felix's shoes. English Gardner can do more than that.
Felix helped the Americans to the women's 4x100 relay gold medal Friday with much, much more than just her sprinting. Gardner was missing one of her spikes from her bag and Felix came to the rescue by loaning her a pair.
Sure, they were custom made for Felix's foot and a half-size too big for Gardner. No trouble _ Gardner just wore an extra pair of socks. Those shoes were golden as the team cruised to the title in 41.01 seconds _ the second-fastest time in history.
Gardner tried to return the spikes back to Felix after the race. But Felix, who's going for another gold in the 4x400 Saturday, wouldn't take them.
"You keep those," Felix told Gardner, according to USA Track and field. "You earned a gold medal in them."
How the #USA is feeling after seeing the Women's team take home #Gold in the 4x100 Relay! #Rio2016 @UgHLyDuCkLiN pic.twitter.com/8iqi8g0wF0
— NBC Olympics (@NBCOlympics) August 20, 2016This issues because it will affect grip within the bottle, in addition to possible to damage electronics you’re storing in the same bag as your water bottle if ample humidity is shaped.
Glass is totally safe to the dishwasher, and is particularly void of any smells or worries about chemicals and tastes We now have with one other bottles. Even though you’re a little bit of a klutz, our exams showed these all are capable of surviving several drops.
” Put it using this method: Between the sport top and also the bottle’s very own medium-diameter mouth, you’ll possibly locate a comfortable solution to consume from the Klean Kanteen. Still left with just a wide-mouth Nalgene, you’ll in all probability get accustomed to it, but ease and comfort isn’t a guarantee.
We got down to discover a water bottle that will satisfy a lot of people’s working day-to-working day consuming wants and is also brought together on each day journey or even a weekend journey. To put it differently we want one that’s tough, convenient to use and reasonably priced. The Klean Kanteen Basic fills the Invoice on all counts.
Cleaning is much tougher with out a extensive mouth since it wouldn’t clean nicely within a dishwasher. This bottle includes a carabiner for usefulness, but is simply pushed to next place simply because deficiency of a easy spout when compared to the Vapur.
Your Best Digs offers in-depth assessments of residence merchandise for customers who want the best achievable option for them. Via substantial marketplace study and fingers-on tests, we supply you with every thing you need to make an informed buying determination.
We predicted the Activity bottles with seemingly fragile flip caps — similar to the Embrava, Under Armour along with the Thermos — to break or not less than leak once they were dropped, but they did not.
A evaluation on Outside On-line cited a SIGG bottle that outperformed something we’ve heard of in terms of thermoregulation, so have a peek here we experienced so as to add that for the check checklist also.
Some Redditors described the source of the many knock-offs of preferred water bottle makes on the market: most knock offs are just rebrands that occur outside of precisely the same manufacturing unit since the originals. So we assumed their efficiency to be a similar and prevented testing any rebranded items.
We searched Amazon, Reddit, message boards and other water bottle testimonials to discover the highest high quality and most popular models of water bottles.
Their Mira bottles have in fact outperformed me and my partner’s S’well bottles so far as appearance. Them staying small boys, their bottles are dropped numerous periods, made use of as props when enjoying, and remaining exterior, and There exists not even a dent about the bottle or scratch around Check This Out the paint. Whereas our S’properly bottles’ paint is chipped and flaking around, and they're not too much older and therefore are taken significantly better treatment of. The next bottle I obtain for myself will be the Mira bottle. Really happy with this come across and buy!”
“I maintain seeking to changeover my more mature toddler into a “huge individual” or “regular” cup, but she keeps supplying me explanations never to, for example supplying her lunch a bathtub in it, or turning it the other way up to view the place the water may well go. So when I purged some of my sippy cups because they were being carrying down, I chose to transition more than to these water bottles in its place. They both of those rely on them on a regular basis, and I am an enormous fan. They don’t manage to leak, plus they maintain a large amount of fluid, which is superior for extended outings from the house. I don’t fill it all the way for my youthful Woman mainly because it will get pretty heavy for her, and I'm able to entirely see her dropping it on her confront although drinking simply because she’s a klutz.
One other huge difference among the Klean Kanteen as well as the Nalgene would be the design and measurement on the opening (termed the bottle’s “mouth”) which is in numerous ways The main attribute of a water bottle, as it’s in which the drinking transpires. The standard Nalgene provides a 2.twenty five-inch, wide-mouth design and style which has a screw leading, while the Klean Kanteen encompasses a narrower, 1.
This bottle fared well in our fall exams with minimum damage to both of those the bottom plus the lid. Inside the insulation assessments it ranked 2nd for chilly water, and 3rd For decent water. One particular draw back of any steel bottle would be that the mouth gets sizzling to your touch right after allowing it bake in the vehicle on a very hot working day.
Links
Visitors
- 169 VisitorsFreshly Breaded Icelandic Cod at Our Lady of the Rosary’s Fish Fry
The #1 Fish Fry as ranked by Food Adventures is kicking off their first Fish Fry of the season on Friday Night !!
The place is OUR LADY OF THE ROSARY CHURCH in Dayton who has been hosting these events for over 54 years !
We are the only ones with the scoop on this incredible deal and fun night !!
HERE’S THE SKINNY:
— WHERE: Our Lady of the Rosary Church, 22 Notre Dame Ave. in Dayton
— WHAT: Fish Fry – **21 and over only !**
—NEXT: Friday, October 10th & Friday, November 14th
— COST: $13 if you pre-pay at the Parish Office, or $15 at the door the day of the event.
— INCLUDED: Freshly fried Icelandic Cod, Fresh Mild Sausage, Hot Polish Sausage, Chicken Strips, French Fries, Baked Beans, Salad, Cole Slaw, Homemade Cakes, Cabbage and Noodles, Ice Cream, Popcorn, Soft Drinks, and Beer.
— WHEN: 5:30pm – 10:30pm
— WHAT ELSE: Gamble on pull tabs and raffle prizes!
MUST EATS:
— THE FRESHLY MADE MILD SAUSAGE: Made locally, with an old recipe that has been used for 50+ years. Some of the best stuff we’ve had !
— THE FRESHLY BREADED COD: Made in large “sticks,” you can have all you want of these !
— HOMEMADE CAKES: Chef Joe makes these himself on site !
Our Lady of the rosary Church – 22 Notre Dame Ave., Dayton, Ohio
What makes this event great is the friendly volunteers. The staff are kind, dedicated and have been doing this for years. The party is all inclusive and you are not “nickel and dimed” for extra beers, etc.. For these reasons, this is the best fish fry in the Miami Valley area, in our humble opinion. There are old folks, young folks and ages in between.
So now you know about this little known secret. Will we see you on Friday? No better place for a Food Adventure !
Browse the photos below of the food and offerings at the event!
Are you a Dayton Foodie? Then “LIKE” Food Adventures on Facebook HERE !
[flagallery gid=105]All Entries Tagged With: "autistic"
No shame in being different
By CLYNISHA STEVENS People differ from one another. Some are autistic. We’re different races, have various jobs, live in separate parts of the country and talk in our own ways. Why does all that matter? We should celebrate the differences that make us unique. Though we supposedly live in the land of the free, […]
Aztec Press Editor | Oct 11, 2012 | Comments 0At the Monterey Bay Aquarium Online Video Library Web site "you'll find a selection of videos about animals, exhibits, and conservation research programs at the aquarium. Click on a photo to launch the video. You can sort the list of videos by clicking on the words Date, Title, or Category."
We heard about the Monterey Bay Aquarium Online Video Library from URLWire. Click HERE for the URLWire story and links to the aquarium's video library site. Or click HERE to go straight to the video library itself.Me parece que Gerson Kurz <gerson.kurz at t-online.de> dijo: > 1) normally, you call functions in python like this: > > name '(' arg { ',' arg } ')' > > however, 'print' is a special function in that its arguments can be > written without enclosing brackets. Wouldn't it be nice if you *could* > call your "normal" functions in the same way? Would that require too > much of a change to the python language? It diverges too far from what I would like Python to be. (Are you reading, Guido?) I can take advantage of what you describe in Perl, but Python's precision is part of the romance. . There would be ambiguity, which would require a lot more work on the compiler's part, and a lot more thought on the programmer's part to remember all the rules. I've wanted to write Python funcs that work like statements (as you describe), but I soon saw that leads down the slippery slope toward _other_ languages. Adding parens is a small price to pay, IMO. > IIRC VB (yuk!) can do something similar. But then, VB is possibly the > *worst* kind of advocacy possible. Yes. VB functions (that return a value) _do_ require parens around the arguments. VB subs (that *don't* return a value) do _not_ require parens. OTOH, in this case, the parse just assumes everything from the sub name to EOL are arguments. Very little ambiguity. HTH -- You're quite free to convert your strings to byte arrays and do the entire pattern tree by hand in pure logic code if you'd like. By the time you finish most of the rest of us will be doing contract work on Mars. -- Zenin, comp.lang.perl.miscRackspace will now run their cloud on Openstack. No more lock-in. Open source already runs most of the web servers on the planet. Now it is poised to run the cloud too. Scoble has the details.
My main blog, Politics in the Zeros, is hosted at Rackspace, and they are the best, most solid and dependable host I’ve used.
Advertisements adaption.
Around the age of eight, I started keeping track of these various shared realities, particularly focusing on live action and animated television. I started lumping them into groups based on their crossover connections. When I was 12, I bought my first book about the history of television. It was an encyclopedia style with entries on every television series, and one of the appendixes was a list of crossovers and spin-offs. I was both excited to see crossovers I had previously not known of, but also to find some document.
In 2001, as I was exploring the internet, I came across a few websites that perhaps changed my life. They were all crossover related sites, and for the first time, I discovered that there were other people like me who also kept track of such things. I had thought I was the only one.
Thanks to social networking, I eventually got to be friends with some of these other people who share my hobby, and the sharing of ideas eventually led to the creation of our own discussion group, the Crossovers Forum, on Facebook.
The forum became more popular than I expected, with lots of active discussions, and I was inspired to finally turn my notes into something tangible and public, the Television Crossover Universe blog. I didn’t really expect anyone to read it, and was just trying to get my ideas out there, but to my pleasant surprise, people did read it, and others began contributing to the blog.
Since I was little, I’ve always wanted to be a writer, but fiction was not my strength. Finding that I do have a strength in researching and discussing crossovers, I decided to try my hand as writing a book about fictional crossovers, and should it be successful, continue with a series of books.
So why crossovers? I can’t really explain why. It seems to be something that you either get or you don’t. For me, it became an obsession from an early age, and one that only grew stronger over time. I hope when you read the book, you will feel my love for the subject.Posted by @barbradonachy whose cooking talent I will never gain, but whose recipes leave me with great ambition!
Perfectly…
View original post 116 more wordslydia ellis thompson chapman scipio utah ivie imagination lyric running song wild! natural treatments for diabetic neurapathy key of recovery my files. eumora the moor bar with hma factor, dr 500 cmn superior direct vent fireplace. wisconsin state youth baseball league matching motorcycle and car wheels chicken invaders 3 pc game? average life expectancy of a smoker... microwave ovens cause of obesity... counterpoint debating in organization organization point study he will reply to you directly free download window media player11. books on tape dog stories canada hot natural springs water us soccer world cup qualifier.
sasquatch bigfoot eyes in the dark: 600 airless electronic plus ultra. concacaf league major soccer soccer state united at the drive in lyrics cosmonaut... ccna network fundamentals final exam businesses negotiating medical insurance contracts training courses in london uk. speech pathology grants tennessee state my period is nine days late. zyrtec goes over the counter la presse food styler cost tools to repair cordless drills? cover jeep liberty spare sport tire names of printing companies in ottawa bcg growth matrix of any fmcg? outdoor life this happened to me: listing of new jersey news papers cast boyz n the hood.
consumer reports canon digital camera rebel x... grtiz my life be like report bad debt to credit bureaus... when pus comes to shove department of defense directive 1200.7, list of fantastic books to read! bellamin murder in hempstead ny now you re a man trey parker? much ado about nothing washington; lynyrd skynyrd live from austin. celine dion eau de toilette spray; 40 54 haydn nos symphony! TEEN TEEN layout scaring scary, point and shoot digital camera for TEENs 3 check chic laser page per salon. two headed boy part 2 tabs: contact details for the guardian newspaper!
aircraft downloads for flight simulator 2000, stratacs split screen window goes black cabin in lake south tahoe. ira withdrawals for college expenses, cuando se ama laura pausini. dosage of musinex for fibromyalgia: pro evolution soccer demo download battle without honor or humility. coverdell esa contribution limit 2009... dear boys act ii 30. tripp lite isobar 4 ultra 2. design and qualification test military standards; sheet music for i dont like mondays! australian music news news submit 400 degrees celsius to fahrenheit, dehydration of cyclohexanol to cyclohexene. 1 isakmp not peer phase responding calories in white chocolate mocha.
mount holyoke college human resources mike fitzgerald ibew cause of death... 60gb usb2 0firewire external portable hard drive vehicle bill of sale printable back from vacation by john updike! trading post garden of the gods: avi to dvd converter license code, net to phone international calling. math activities parts of a group... monster truck shows 2004 salt lake city: castle cork fortified house west. restaurant st remy de provence: animal center medical new york. got money in the bank lyrics contradictions of giving ephedrine in outpatient setting... what johnny shouldn t read averege age of valley bulldogs uncontroled shaking after brain injury.HALGE Family Tree
with links to British India
info from Debbie Mills rosypockets@rogers.com
My fathers name is Henry Desmond Halge. He is British but grew up in India. His fathers name was -- I don't remember but it is on the tip of my brain. His mothers name was Gertrud. Yes, now I remember, his name was Harry Halge, and he was a surgeon in India, one of the first doctors who ever did heart surgery. He also owned a coffee plantation. My father had a brother who was also a doctor, his name was Godfrey Halge. He died in a car wreck when he was in his early thirty's. My name is now Debbie Mills. I can possibly freak you out a little bit. Godfrey and Desmond Halge each had one daughter. I am Debbie and Godfrey's daughters name is Zoe. We each grew up and got married. I married Peter Mills. She still lives in England. I found out through my Dad that she married a man named Lenard Mills. So, on our side of the family, the Halge name has gone, but both daughters have turned into Mills!!! How weird is that. So, The Halge saga goes on huh? Bye for now. I'm sure that I will hear back from you because I too am interested. It would be interesting to web cam to see if there is any Halge resemblance. It is also interesting that I too am in the medical profession - are any Halges in your life also doctors, nurses, etc.? Bye for now. Looking forward to hearing from you.
I am just totally blown away by the fact that
there have been Desmond Halges for so many years. It seems that Desmond, (by
the way no one calls my Dad Desmond, they all call him Des. He has done very
well for himself. He went to school in India when the British were there. He
then went back to England and then immigrated to Canada in 1955. He went to
become the vice president of sales for Burroughs Computers. When Burroughs
merged with Sperry Computers and became Unisyse he was very involved in that
transition. When he first came to Canada though, he sold adding machines that he
carried around to cold call!! In those days, I guess you could actually get rich
by working hard -- unlike today!! He was married to my Mom for 52 years. She
passed away 2 years ago after a very long and sad illness. He has now moved to
Vancouver and is living with his new girl friend -(check it out, he's 83 - you
go dude as my daughter would say) and has just returned today from a one month
trip to India -- I'm serious - no kidding. From Vancouver when he was planning
the trip he thought that he could fly Vancouver- Hong Kong - India. But all of
the flights from Hong Kong to India were tough to get. So Dad and Gerry (his
girlfriend/wife, took Vancouver - England - India. He went and saw all of his
old haunts. Went to Bangalor, Darjeeling, Calcutta, Took a tour of the Taj
Mahal. And much more. As I said to Dad annd Gerry today, I could keep talking
until the moon sets behind the Taj Mahal! I know that my family is part of the
Halge's on this site. It's been a pleasure sharing another branch of the family
with you. Bye.
Harry HALGE Surgeon, married Gertrude RAGNEY (mother was Agnes Ragney) children:
Henry Desmond Halge (b UK, grew up in India)
Godfrey Halge (was a Doctor. He died in a car wreck when he was in his early thirty's)
Next Generation
Henry Desmond HALGE , went to school in India when the British were there. He then went back to England and then immigrated to Canada in 1955. He went to become the vice president of sales for Burroughs Computers. married ??, children:
Debra Halge
Godfrey HALGE married Hazel ??, children:
Zoe Halge
Next Generation
Debra HALGE married Peter MILLS
Zoe HALGE married Lenard MILLS
 )
*********
info from Graydon Halge, graydon.halge@sympatico.ca 3500 Glen Erin Drive, #23, Mississauga, Ont L5L 1W6, Canada . Tel. 905 607 4937. Halge' is a Danish name. Believe the origins in India come from the Dutch settlements of Tranquebar in South India.
William HALGE (born 1797 approx) married Sarah Matilde ? , children ? :
Samuel HALGE (born 1847) married Francis Louisa ?, children ? :
Wilfred HALGE (born 1873) married Kathaleen Florence WAGSTAFF, children :
Desmond Wilfred Halge (b 1922)
Cynthia Halge (b1923)
Christine Halge (b 1924)
Cedric Halge (b 1926)
Next Generation
Desmond Wilfred HALGE married Esther Theresa PEACOCK, children :
Graydon Halge (b 1954)
Amanda Halge (b 1967)
Melanie Halge (b 1969)
Christine HALGE (b 1924) married Thomas SCANLON - Children:
Lorraine Scanlon
Cedric HALGE (b 1926) married Maureen SULLIVAN -Children:
Carol Halge
Allison Halge
Gillian Halge
Keith Halge
Next Generation
Graydon HALGE married Shirley Patricia JOSEPH, children :
Warren Halge (b 1985)
Stuart Halge (b 1987)
Above compiled from available Marriage, Birth and Discharge certificates.Dost degree seat allotment 2018, dost seat allotment 2018
Dost degree seat allotment 2018, dost seat allotment 2018 : Candidates can download of dost degree seat allotment 2018, dost degree 1st phase seat allotment 2018, dost web options results download for the session 2018-2019 through dost website dost.cgg.gov.in.
Telangana DOST 1st phase Seat Allotment 2018 will be declared today ie Jun 2018. Earlier dost authority issued 1st phase registrations began on May 2018. The Dost second phase of the seat allotment to be done on Jun 2018. The second phase registration and giving web options for admissions into degree course through the Degree Online Services, Telangana (DOST) website.
Dost degree seat allotment 2018, dost seat allotment 2018
The Dost first phase of seat allotment to be done on Jun 2018 and candidates have to report to allotted colleges from July 3, 2017 to Jul 7, 2017. The Degree first semester classes will commence from July 3, 2017. About 2,70,014 seats remained vacant in the degree colleges in Telangana after the first phase of seat allotment ended.
- Name of the organization : Telangana State Council of Higher Education-TSCHE
- Topic : Dost 1st phase seat allotment 2018
- Status : Available on Jun 2018
- Official website : dost.cgg.gov.in
Dost degree seat allotment order download 2018
DOST Seat Allotment Result 2018 are published on the official website at dost.cgg.gov.in. DOST Seat Allotment Result 2018 to be published at dost.cgg.gov.in. Candidates are advised to download the DOST 2nd phase Seat Allotment Result 2018 on the official website OR from the direct link provided below.
Frankly ask us by comments and share this Dost 1st phase seat allotment 2018, dost degree seat allotment article with friends on social media for appreciation for us and we may again continue for the Dost 2nd phase seat allotment 2018, Dost seat allotment 2019, dost degree seat allotment results 2019 and Dost degree admission notification 2019
Steps to download .Dost degree 1st phase seat allotment 2018
- Go to the official website dost.cgg.gov.in
- Click on “TS DOST first phase Seat Allotment Results 2018”.
- Students Have enter the Registration Number and Date of Birth
- Then click on submit button
- The results will be appear on the screen
- Download and Printout of your results for future assistance
Official website : dost.cgg.gov.in
Candidates are advised to check and download Dost degree seat allotment 2018, dost seat allotment 2018,Dost 2nd phase seat allotment 2018, dost degree seat allotment, ts degree online admissions seat allotment order details 2018, dost degree results 2018, telangana dost degree seat allotment 2019 through dost official websiteA tutorial for easy superhero costumes for every member of the family.
Printable Paper Masks - Set of 4 - Dragon Unicorn Fox and Princess Bird USD) by Smallful
Free printable for Captain America Jumping jack
Superhero Crafts / by Busy Mom's Helper - The school theme this term is superheroes so this may come in handy!Gucci Icon Bit Icon Bit Medium Bag
Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. Most of the problems people have with milk paint are caused by trying to flow it on like latex or oil paints. Once you get close to your finished depth, remove the rest of material with the mortise chisel. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. The day will come when you need a special bit for a special situation, and you'll be glad you have that 20-piece set sitting there ready and waiting. In the center of your jig's base, trace around the template; afterward add 3/l6" to the top and 3/t6" to the bottom of your tracing for a total of 3/S". Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. Gucci Shoes Unisex. Pinch the boomerang between your thumb and index finger and hold it over your head. One last tip: When you make a shooting board sand the board's base (the surface where the plane rides). Gucci Icon Bit Icon Bit Medium Bag
Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. It is the leader in both test categories with eight holes drilled and 491 h lag screws driven, each on a single 1. And a few times every year some students will bring some boomerangs to class that they didn't make at school. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. This is referred to as 'pyramidal" and is often applied to elements such as rails, or drawer fronts on a chest. The frame of the top is glued to the front and back panels while the top's panel is dowelled to the cabinet sides. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. Buy Gucci In Sabah Al Salim Kuwait. When tacked, the lid band goes in place with the fingers pointing the same way as the bottom fingers. In later years, Craftsman pieces were finished with early versions of modern dye stains and lacquers. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag.
Prada Saffiano Shoulder Strap Bowler Bag
Prada Bicolor Saffiano Bag Blue & Black White
Prada Saffiano Small Promenade Tote
Prada Continental Wallet Black & Blue
Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag
Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. This means that unlike ajack or a smooth, your shooting board plane has a straight cutting edge. And to trim the width of the guide so it runs smoothly in the through-mortise in the leg. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. Gucci Karen Ankle Boots. After all, if you can design it yourself, what need will you have for the plans in this or any other woodworking magazine? The one negative side effect of the up-spiral is that it has a tendency to tear out the fibers near the top of the mortise. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. The way to determine the correct bench height is to measure from the floor to the j oint Jointing with carbide. After fitting each joint individually, I made a dry-run assembly of the entire door. Gucci Icon Bit Icon Bit Medium Bag
Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. The same might be said about a woodworking magazine that teaches its readers how to design well-proportioned furniture. When pressed together, the band-sawn halves (of the working pattern) should come together nicely without gaps or unacceptable roughness. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. Gucci Indy Small. Matthew Riehl via e-mail All finishes are safe after a couple weeks once the solvents have evaporated. One is by the hub (for exterior garters) and the other is a little bit down the shaft (for interior garters). Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag. D esigned to divide a room, the shoji screen is both a practical and artistic piece of furniture that's often found in Japanese homes. Another option is to attach a cleat in the middle of the base so the board can Common parts. Gucci Icon Bit Medium Bag.Harriet
"My name is Harriet, and I choose to immunize."
I choose to immunize to protect myself and protect others in my community, even those who might be strangers, that I would come in contact with at the grocery store, on transit, or in a theatre or restaurant. I had measles encephalitis as an infant and while I am not at increased risk of complications from influenza because of that, I struggle to function with everyday tasks on normal days because of effects from encephalitis so to add being sick would only put me further behind. Influenza, like measles, has many complications and the healthy are not excluded from severe illness, as I well know, so I vaccinate to protect others who because they are currently healthy feel invulnerable. I also vaccinate to protect seniors and babies, but I wanted to emphasize that I am protecting the healthy too that don't realize that they are also at risk from influenza.
Thank you for visiting Voices for Vaccines' Why I Choose gallery.Font Chinese name :
Chinese character name : 方圆魂心体
Chinese Font Pinyin name : Fang Yuan Hun Xin Ti
Font sample :
Simplified Chinese : Don’t Support
Traditional Chinese : Support
Font Format: .ttf
Description:
Please note: this is not a complete Chinese font style, it will be the style of the lack of some commonly used Chinese characters!Be one of the first to review
Click to rate!
Pricing and Floor Plans
Location of Deerfield at Providence36.2000540 -86.5186080
Amenities
About Deerfield at Providence
Address: 2000 Buckhead Trail, Mount Juliet, TN 37122
Is This Your ApartmentAdvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.Claim Your Listing
Similar apartments
Mount Juliet, TN
Mount Juliet, TN
Mount Juliet, TNSchool begins at Bluefield Colored Institute for the inaugural class of 20 male and 20 female students.
Popular Destinations
This Month at Bluefield State
January 1897
Our heritage
What’s it like to be a student?Learn more
Why choose Bluefield State?Learn more
How do I pay for an education?Learn more
What’s on the calendar?Learn moreWhen passengers step off the ferries from Bremerton and Bainbridge Island and head into downtown Seattle, homelessness is just about the first thing they see. People sleep every night on the Marion Street pedestrian bridge, a narrow span that connects the Seattle ferry terminal at Colman Dock with First Avenue. Many camp right under the Alaskan Way Viaduct, which runs above the middle section of the bridge. With traffic roaring overhead, the spot isn’t peaceful. But the number of campers has grown since last summer, according to ferry commuters who hustle past twice a day. Pedestrians almost had to tiptoe through on a recent chilly morning, picking their way past at least six people dozing under tarps and sleeping bags. “It bothers me because it’s very sad and unfortunate,” said Margo Dannemiller, 48, a Bainbridge Island-Seattle commuter. “They’re lighting fires in there. They’re urinating and defecating. It’s unpleasant, but mostly I just wish they had another option.” More
Seattle’s mayor proposes new tent cities to deal with homelessness.Ackermann has been impressive
As one of the few people who thought John Mitchell should have stayed on in some capacity at the Lions, I thought his departure would see the team fall apart under Johan Ackermann.
My reasons for thinking that were based on two things: Ackermann's status as one of Mitchell's then assistant coaches, and a prejudice based on the way he looks.
Most assistant coaches tend to make such a career out of laying out cones before practice that they are not capable of making the adjustment to being head coach.
For some reason I put Ackermann in that bracket, based largely on his being a forwards coach and looking like one.
When he was a player, there was a hint of security branch policeman about his appearance, which led one to believe he would be an inflexible git as a coach.
As it turns out, that assessment couldn't be further from the truth. The former Springbok lock has arguably done a better job than "Mitch".
That assertion might rankle with others on the basis that the New Zealander won the 2011 Currie Cup. But consider that Mitchell had the likes of Pat Cilliers, Bandise Maku, Wikus van Heerden, Josh Strauss, Butch James, Michael Rhodes and Jaco Taute in that squad.
Ackermann has had to rebuild the squad almost entirely after the Lions were relegated from Super rugby last year.
For every Elton Jantjies or Taute that has been loaned out, Ackermann has found a Marnitz Boshoff or a Stokkies Hanekom to replace them.
And the critical thing is that he has improved the rugby the Lions play. When Mitchell was in charge, the only structure in the Lions play was to run the ball at all times in a pattern in which the forwards were at their lightest and incredibly mobile.
Ackermann has given back the forwards' appetite for the traditional South African arm-wrestle, while the whole team still plays at that breakneck pace that has made New Zealand sides irresistible.
The most impressive aspect of the rebuilding has been Ackermann's management of it all.
Despite the fact that the Lions basically played for nothing until their promotion and relegation match against the Kings this month, Ackermann kept them motivated, with their eyes glued to the big picture.
In a world in which loyalty is just one big pay cheque away from being bought by a Japanese or French club, Ackermann has epitomised it in such a manner that his players have felt they had no choice but to follow him.
It speaks volumes for his man-management that Jantjies already appears to have rediscovered the confidence he haemorrhaged at the Stormers.
Better yet, there seems to be no sulking from Jantjies despite the fact that he has to share the starting duties at flyhalf with Boshoff.
I know that putting 60 points past a Blue Bulls team that barely shaves hardly makes the Lions the Currie Cup champions in waiting, but it's hard not to look at them as a side that will have a say in who wins it.
And this coming from a Bulls fan from the Eastern Cape.
digital access - or try
a day pass for
only R15! SUBSCRIBE
The 3D remake of The Beatles 1968 film Yellow Submarine is said to have been cancelled by Disney Studios. The main reason to drop the film is its budget issues. And a nbsp;cancelled meeting with surviving Beatles members was another reason for its demise. But sources claim that the poor opening for the director Robert Zemeckis latest animated film Mars Needs Moms made Disney shelve the project.Yellowiss Mars Loves Moms, which was 150 million dollars, nbsp;earned 6.9 million dollars nbsp;in the first week and turned out to be nbsp;a box office catastrophe this weekend. #13;Art Media Agency provides live coverage of art industry events, such as art fairs.
On-site journalists provide coverage which ensures maximum visibility, both for events and for their participants.
Content produced appears across AMA’s supports — which include its websites, weekly publications, iPhone app, and Twitter — as well as those of its partners (Google News, and other clients).
Content is also made available for publication across the event’s own platforms (websites, social networks, apps, etc.).
For more information, please contact: live[@]artmediaagency.com.this is kinda awesome
Let me start by saying that I have very little knowledge of hockey. I understand the concept of the game as a whole, but up until about 2 years ago I really couldn’t have explained off-sides or icing to someone if my life depended on it. Come to think of it, I probably still couldn’t explain icing without going cross-eyed and peeing my pants a little bit. Not to mention the fact that you can tie and somehow earn points with overtime wins? I just pooped my pants a little bit.
Having said that, I LOVE watching playoff hockey. The intensity and physical artistry of the game is absolutely incredible during the playoffs, these guys are ridiculous athletes. Have you ever tried to play hockey? On real ice?? It’s damn near impossible.
In the cross-check gif above, Flames defenseman Dennis Wideman knocked an unsuspecting zebra on his ass worse than Mayweather did Ortiz back in 2011:
Wideman made his case at his disciplinary hearing yesterday, but the NHL wasn’t having it. Director of hockey operations Colin Campbell handed down a 20-game suspension for the referee-hulk-smash.
I mean, if you’ve ever played competitive sports then you probably had a moment or two when you felt like Mike Tyson-ing a ref during the game, after the game, maybe by his car or as he’s walking alone in the parking lot with no witnesses?
Gotta love hockey, I’ll say this…..those guys sure do walk the walk with less talk than any other sport.From King's to Mayor of Toronto?
PHOTO: CRAIG SCORGIE
Karen Stintz, BA ’92, Dipl ’93, has her sights set on Toronto’s top municipal job
Written by Jane Antoniak
Karen Stintz loves football. A devoted Baltimore Ravens fan, her Toronto City Hall office has several bronzed footballs on the shelves. She inherited the love of the game from her dad, Henry, who hails from Baltimore, the city where her cousin still has season tickets. Now, Stintz, a three-term municipal politician representing Eglinton-Lawrence, and chair of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC), is about to kick off another exciting game in her life: a drive for Mayor of Toronto against predicted heavy weights, such as NDP MP Olivia Chow and incumbent Mayor Rob Ford.
“This has been a journey,” she says from her office while reporters are camped out in the hallways hoping to speak with Mayor Ford. “And I thank Mayor Ford because he has provided me with the biggest political challenge of my career. Through it, I have learned a great deal about my colleagues, about myself, and about what I value about the city and why I think it is worth fighting for.”
Stintz is referring to the drawn out battle she endured with Ford over a multi-million dollar expansion of the TTC. He wanted underground while she wanted above ground. In the end, after a period where Stintz resigned as chair and then was re-appointed, her plan to add a line that will connect Toronto from end to end was approved. “It’s the right mode of transit for the neighbourhoods they are serving,” she says with confidence.
Now, Stintz admits she is ready for some bigger plays. She agrees that she has grown beyond her ward and wants to do more for the entire city. “I think it (mayor of Toronto) would be a great job,” she says. “I’ve had a great run. I think I need to make some decisions. People do grow out of their role and I am thinking of what the next step is for me.”
“There’s room to improve how we deliver services in the city, make them more customerfriendly and more accessible to users. I think we need to invest more in transit, infrastructure and our parks.”
Her two children, Jackson, 9, and Hailey, 6, agree wholeheartedly when it comes to spending on parks. The family enjoys the improvements recently made to Lytton Park, including a playground. “My son was saying, ‘oh it’s such a great park, you should see what they are doing mom!’ And I said, ‘I know what they’re doing, sweetie, that’s my job!’ And then my husband said, ‘that’s what Mommy does. Mommy makes sure that the park gets rebuilt.’ My son looked at me, it was so cute, and it was the first time he understood why I go to work. I was so grateful that there was a bit of pride in there.”
“I was going to school at a time when we were debating free trade, GST, Quebec sovereignty. It was a very interesting time in our history which made me interested in politics.”
Clearly Stintz is proud to be a professional politician. It’s been a tough year as she watched top-level municipal mayors in Ontario and Quebec face legal charges and media bloodbaths, all of which she says discredits a role she would be proud to hold. “Everyone has flaws and I don’t think we should expect politicians to be flawless. But, I think that there is every reasonable expectation that they (mayors) will operate within the rules of personal conduct and financial responsibility. From a professional level it’s disappointing to see my profession discredited.”
Stintz says if she runs a campaign from January to October (2014) for mayor it will cost 1.6 million dollars. She muses that she’s come a long way from being a 17 year old in first year university at Western. She transferred to King’s after an “overwhelming” experience at main campus, finding the smaller classes and closer knit community at King’s a better fit for her personality. “People at King’s noticed if you didn’t come to class. It was a smaller campus, more connected to the professors and my classmates. I really enjoyed King’s.” She jokes that she was a shy teenager who didn’t participate in political clubs. “I was going to school at a time when we were debating free trade, GST, Quebec sovereignty. It was a very interesting time in our history which made me interested in politics.” From King’s Stintz went on to earn master’s degrees in both journalism and public administration.
Now, 20 years later, and still very much interested in politics, Stintz says her values are clear. “I am proud of what I do. I’m proud of my city. And, I think politics is important.” As a side note – she hopes to see her fellow alumni at Homecoming this fall to watch a little football with her family.Have you ever been through an experience, when a new tenant belonging to a different region moved into your neighborhood? Usually, the first bond formed would have been between your kids and your neighbour’s kids. Even without knowing the language, recall how kids from next door smiled curiously and how your little ones took tentative steps of friendship.
Childhood is a time of inherent curiosity. Travelling satisfies that curiosity and helps children expand their comfort zone.
Appreciation of Universal values
When you take children to various destinations, they will get to see that there are people who speak different languages, observe unique customs, beliefs and faiths. When a foreigner helps your kid in a small task like standing in a queue, they will be able to note that kindness is an inherent universal value despite outward differences. They learn to value a fellow human being and embrace him in spite of differences.
Quality time with parents
In this fast paced life, travelling is a wonderful chance to be together with your kids. You can spend quality time and enjoy activities like swimming, story-telling, trekking and others, enriching your relationship with your kid/s. It is also advisable to switch off television, computer and other distractions, thus breaking the sedentary routine. Surprise your kids by displaying your singing skills or dance along with them.
See how Mukesh Anjaria’s family created and cherished family bonding during their frequent travel trips.
Creativity surge
When you relax peacefully in your dream destination, encourage kids to engage in do-it-yourself activities like a beach house made of sand, an art piece made of waste paper, a painting of the resort where you are staying at. These add fun and lead to improvement of creative skills and ability.
Parenting comprises of many skills and one of them is making your child acquire open-mindedness and maturity. No doubt, travelling accomplishes both of these without fail. Enjoy as many trips as possible with your family and cherish those memories forever.Specialist international Turkey Luxury Exhibitions Public Relations Events Agency Turkish Support Market Relations Marketing Advertising Restaurants Consultants Public Business Outlets Retail Shops
About ZipLeaf | Add Your Business | Customer Service | FAQ
© Netcode, Inc. 2018 All Rights Reserved. Terms | Privacy | CopyrightsAll references relating to third-party companies are copyright of their respective holders.There you are. Finally, you just take the plunge and you registered (force?) Service which everyone speaks: Twitter. You send your first tweet and you realize that you have no subscriber! First thing that comes to mind: "what do I throw this? »
Do not worry, I've already said and explained, Twitter did not rule but must still minimal to move forward and find her way. Here are 10 Important steps for beginners Twitter ...
1. Set up your profile
The first thing to do is to slip into the top right bar in the "Preferences". Correctly fill out your profile: set up a link to your website or blog with a brief description. Customize the design, upload a photo (do not let in any case the original avatar) to differentiate you from others. Like any social networking site, it is important to be precise in your description, the person who will look at your profile will only have a few seconds to judge you and add you to their contacts ... Or not!
2. Follow people with similar interests
Now that your profile is completed, we will have to start following people. You can find these people in Twitter directories. These sites can help you discover the Twitter users who have similar interests as yours. Follow these people and see their tweets. Sites like Just Tweet It or WeFollow can help.
3 Enter a conversation
Now that you follow people, you'll see scroll tweets on your timeline (or wire). Watch every move of your contacts. Analyze their way to make and send your first message.
If someone asks a question, please answer if you know the answer. Do not be afraid to interact.
4. Do not spam
Spam is the cause of many churn Twitter. If there is a character limit of Twitter is that there must be a reason! Do not send multiple messages, do not use this service as if you were on MSN. Do not do too much or not enough! I know it's stupid but that's exactly how we recognize someone who has understood to Twitter: it's in the middle.
5. Tweet daily
This will certainly grieve in more than one. You know, some tips are controversial on Twitter, for my part I suggest a minimum of one tweet a day. It's not much but it proves your presence.
6. Looking!
Find the topics of interest to your subscribers. Go groping and remember that this is by making mistakes that we learn! Once you have established relationships with your followers, you get more attention from them.
7. Help others
On Twitter, often asked for help. Before receiving your first retweets (RT), you have to go through the box "help"! Helping others, retweet their messages, give advice in your niche will be your daily life. If I had to define Twitter in a few words, it would be: give before you receive. You will see that this expression perfectly defines this little microblogging service.
8. Create relationships
Get to that point, you will have already come a long way. Indeed, it is now time to build relationships with your contacts. You will speak generally with the same group of people so use it PM (Personal Message) to create relationships.
9. Integrate Twitter with other social networks
Do you have a blog? Do you have a Facebook profile? Everything is now synchronized. Twitter has become a must in the middle of the Internet, an essential part of Web 2.0, it allows you to build relationships that can branch out to other social networks. You can also ask people to add you on your other profiles than Twitter.
10. Build relationships even outside Twitter
Do you have many friends on Twitter? I regularly see people organize aperitifs from Twitter. Make like them (if you are not at 1000 terminals like me!)
(Bonus) Twitter!
Some people fall quickly addicted to this kind of service. Do not be like those who spend all day behind their screen to tell their life ... Who cares!
Congratulations! You are now an official member of the Twitter community. You speak, act, think and breathe like them!
Related :
Twitter: 10 Important steps for beginners
Reviewed by Aqib Anjum
on
April 22, 2015
Rating:
Real Estate CyberSpace Society
Nine Hawthorne Place, Suite 16L
Boston, MA 02114
Phone: 617-523-4441
2005 Spring On-Line Session Opens on Sunday, March 20th
Matthew Ferrara, Terry Watson, Rob Levi and Joeann Fossland Featured
The Fourth Annual National Real Estate On-line Convention and Exposition, held from January 30th to February 5th, announced strong favorable reviews by the 40,136 real estate professionals from 33 Countries during the 7-day event. The completely virtual event is produced annually by the Real Estate CyberSpace Society, a professional real estate organization with over 9,000 members and 120 Chapters worldwide.
After the 7-day event adjourned, the Convention staff released statistics reflecting a significant degree of satisfaction on the part of attendees, sponsors and exhibitors.
According to Convention Director, Angela Portosa, the post convention attendee survey revealed that agents rated the event with an overwhelming 97.6% overall satisfaction rating. She said that individual attendee comments reflected this. Convention attendee Diane Gibbons, ABR, a broker from Naperville, IL said: The On-Line Convention is so full of outstanding ideas, motivation & principles. It inspired & aided me in growing my business. Thank you!Convention attendee, Marilyn Duane a Framingham, Massachusetts broker, added, The On-line Convention was the best use of my time for professional development that I have ever experienced!
The convention was sponsored by literally hundreds of real estate organizations including Major Industry Sponsor, Century 21 Real Estate Corporation. Ernie Breccia C-21 Chief Learning Officer added to the accolades: "The National Real Estate On-line Convention and Expo is a cost effective way to network, learn about industry trends and locate products and services that will help keep you competitive in your market... all without ever leaving your desk! It's a worthwhile time investment for any real estate professional - new or seasoned."
Portosa reported that the attendees also indicated a high level of satisfaction with this years speaker lineup. The speakers received a 96.8% approval rating with the strong majority rating the speakers excellent/outstanding. The Keynoters understandably scored even higher.
According to John M. Peckham III, the Society's Executive Director, attendees participated in 33 educational sessions including 2 Keynote talks. They made 117,585 visits to the 318 booths at the Convention Expo and while at the booths made 31,536 requests for additional information.
Portosa said that exhibitors were equally enthusiastic with their participation giving the On-Line expo a 94.2% satisfaction rating with a strong majority of exhibitors indicating a satisfaction level of extremely or very satisfied.
Typical of exhibitor comments Real Estate author Jim Misko commented, "I was stunned. When I opened up my e-mail I had 1086 visitors and 460 bought or asked for more information. How can you beat that?" Joeann Fossland, Advantage Solutions Group said, "The On-Line Convention is simply the BEST way to reach thousands of tech-savvy agents. I participated this year while on vacation in Hawaii and still had hundreds of leads!"
88.2% of Exhibitors indicated they would recommend the On-Line Expo to potential exhibitors (as long as they are not competitors!). The Expo booth support staff received a 100% satisfaction rating with over 80% of exhibitors rating support as outstanding. On average over 900 attendees visited each vendor. A strong majority of the exhibitors each reported a mean of 1200 specific requests for information on their products and services.
The majority of Exhibitors rated the On-line Expo more productive, less expensive and a better return on investment than a live "hard floor" show. According to Portosa 98.9% of the exhibitors indicated positive sales and image results from their participation in the 7 day event.
The annual on-line convention with a full slate of speakers and events has adjourned until next years annual event which has been scheduled for February 20 -26, 2006. The seasonal 2005 Spring On-Line Convention Session will open on Sunday, March 20th to real estate professionals without cost with Matthew Ferrara, Terry Watson, Rob Levi and Joeann Fossland as featured speakers.
According to Peckham, the four speaker presentations including handouts will be available 24/7 to attendees at the 2005 Spring Session. The entire Exposition section featuring over 300 booths also remains open during the Spring Session. Real Estate professionals wishing to see the latest performance enhancing products and services can visit the Exposition anytime during the Spring/Summer session, which will remain open until Labor Day.
The Society also announced that it is now offering its patent pending On-Line Convention/Exposition process customized for real estate and other organizations wishing to extend the reach of their conventional conventions and events.
The National Real Estate On-Line Convention is produced by the Real Estate CyberSpace Society, with membership in 29 countries. The Society provides its 9,000 members in over 120 Chapters with tools and services for maximizing their real estate professionalism and effectiveness, plus a networking connection for professionals from all real estate specialties.
The 2005 seasonal and 2006 Convention registration for attendees and vendors is available at Booth reservation information may be obtained by e-mail to Convention@REcyber.com Information regarding membership in the Real Estate CyberSpace Society is available from Society headquarters by calling 617-559-0000, at or by e-mail at admin@REcyber.comMobile Chemical Ionisation Mass Spectrometer
Two mobile Chemical Ionisation Mass Spectrometers (CIMS) are available for measurements of trace gases in the field and laboratory. The CIMS instruments employed here were built by the Georgia Institute of Technology as previously described by Nowak et al. (2007).
Chemical Ionisation is a very versatile method to produce charged molecules (ions) that can be detected using a mass spectrometer. It is a soft ionisation technique that produces little ion fragmentation and the resultant mass spectra are simplified (compared to electron impact ionisation for instance). Both positively and negatively charged ions can be produced and detected, and with the use of different ionisation schemes (i.e. different reagent ions) CIMS is a highly sensitive and selective method to detect trace gases in the atmosphere.
Ionisation generally occurs at pressures of ~20 Torr in the Ion-Molecule Region (IMR):
A+ + B
B+ + A
where A+ is the reagent ion that specifically has the potential to ionise certain molecules, B is the molecule that is to be detected and which in the process of collision with the reagent ion A+ becomes ionised by charge transfer or by forming an adduct with the reagent ion.
The ionisation schemes currently used here are listed in the table.
Ammonia (NH3)
The mobile CIMS has been used for measurements of ammonia (NH3) concentrations and fluxes in the field experiments as part of the NitroEurope instrument comparison campaign where measurements were made over a Scottish fertilised grassland (von Bobrutzki, 2010)
Halogens
The mobile CIMS is also used for reaction kinetics studies, measuring halogen compounds relevant to stratospheric photochemistry. Recently work has been carried out in collaboration with The University of Birmingham
Inorganic and organic acids
One of the main research foci at Manchester is the study of organic acids using CIMS.
The CIMS is used to measure nitric acid (HNO3), hydrogen cyanide (HCN) and organic acids, such as formic acid (CH2O2), acetic acid (C2H4O2), propanoic acid (C3H6O2) and butanoic acid (C4H8O2).
Organic acids are of particular interest because they are ubiquitous in the gas and aerosol phase and they are common constituents of global precipitation. The contribution of organic acids to the acidity of precipitation and subsequent effects on aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems is well known. Formic (HCOOH) and acetic acid (CH3COOH) can dominate free acidity of precipitation thereby having an influence on pH-dependent chemical reactions and OH cloud chemistry. Low molecular weight organic salts are also present in the fine fraction of aerosols, whose physical properties, namely hygroscopicity, include relatively low critical supersaturations, allowing for the activation of cloud droplets and subsequently affecting the total indirect radiative forcing. The sources of organic acids are manifold, they are partly directly emitted (from both biogenic and anthropogenic sources) and they are also partly produced by oxidation of hydrocarbons in the atmosphere. The knowledge on the atmospheric organic acid budgets is limited and an active research area. Collaboration is with University of Bristol
Mobile CIMS in the laboratory
Formic acid (CH2O2) concentrations are measured as part of gas phase chemical reaction product studies, investigating the product yields of formic acid from ethene and isoprene ozonolysis. For this, EXTRA is used as the reaction chamber from which the CIMS samples.
Mobile CIMS on the Atmospheric Research Aircraft
The CIMS has been used on the FAAM Bae-146 aircraft as part of the RONOCO project. The CIMS has successfully deployed for airborne measurements of ammonia, nitric acid and organic acids such as e.g. formic acid, as shown in the figure 4 below.
References
von Bobrutzki et al., 2010. Field inter-comparison of eleven atmospheric ammonia measurement techniques. Atmospheric Measurement Techniques, 3, 91-112.Area 52
Developer: Junglevision Software
Current Version: 1.0
Last Updated: 4 years ago
Download Size: 61.4 MB - Download.
Full 3D animated characters.
Ten fun levels of casual gaming action.
Flexible character action using Junglevision's proprietary ACIE (Advanced Character Interaction Engine) Perform actions and movements never before seen in games like this, such as: climbing up, over and under fences, walls, ledges, and poles. Perform hand over hand movements while hanging on wires, or scoot along ledges. If all else fails, crawl, punch and shoot your way to victory.
Designed and programmed by classic game creator, Cathryn Mataga.Highlights
Despite the historically low-priority status of sub-Saharan Africa to the U.S. military, the U.S. security focus on the region will continue to grow given the systemic weaknesses that militant groups exploit there.
The use of a light footprint strategy — including special operations forces, drones, and cooperation with local partners and allies such as France — will enable the United States to project force at minimal cost.
Although President Donald Trump’s administration opposes funding multinational efforts such as U.N. peacekeeping missions, the U.S. military will continue to emphasize local partnerships with nations in sub-Saharan Africa.
US Flag
Sub-Saharan Africa has long been a low priority for the United States. Since taking office in January, U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has confirmed that status, cutting foreign aid budgets that disproportionately affect Africa and turning its focus to other issues and areas. Yet events in recent weeks have magnified the region’s prominence in U.S. foreign policy. On Sept. 24, for example, the Trump administration added Chadian nationals to the list of people facing travel restrictions. Four U.S. service members died in Niger the following week during a mission with local troops. Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, recently visited Ethiopia, South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. And on Oct. 20, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis reportedly told senior members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that the military would increase its counterterrorism activities in sub-Saharan Africa, loosen rules of engagement and give commanders in the field more decision-making power. Despite the Trump administration’s actions, the region now appears to be receiving more attention from U.S. policy-makers.
A Rising Security Priority
U.S. military investment in sub-Saharan Africa has been quietly growing for years. This October, in fact, marked the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM), one of nine unified combatant commands. The continent has been a key testing ground for the U.S. military’s “small footprint” strategy, which emphasizes partnerships with local forces and cooperation with allies such as France. The strategy also stresses the role of special operations forces, drones and training facilities known as Cooperative Security Locations or “lily pads” in an effort to avoid the perception of an overbearing, neocolonial U.S. military presence. (Washington tried to establish a permanent headquarters on the continent when it first rolled out AFRICOM but moved its main offices to Germany after populations and governments in Africa pushed back against the idea.)
African Conflict Map
As the U.S. military’s interest in sub-Saharan Africa has grown, its priorities in the region have shifted. The United States initially focused on East Africa — and particularly on the fight against the al-Qaeda affiliated militant group al Shabaab. In Somalia, U.S. military trainers have provided extensive assistance to the Somali army and to the multinational African Union Mission in Somalia, or AMISOM. But over the past several years, West Africa has started drawing more of the United States’ attention. The chaos that consumed Libya after the fall of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 spilled over into nearby Mali, along with militants and weapons. In 2013, an offensive from allied jihadist and Tuareg nationalist forces prompted France to intervene to bolster the Malian army and keep the West African country from collapse, with considerable logistical support from the U.S. military. The incident opened the Pentagon’s eyes to the glaring security risks in the Sahel, the ecological transition zone between the Sahara and the savannah that traditionally has fallen in France’s sphere of influence. Putting aside their Cold War rivalry in the region, Paris and Washington began working together more closely in sub-Saharan Africa.
Resistance From Washington
The Trump administration, however, may set a limit on the partnership. For months Washington has oscillated between wariness and hostility at the prospect of backing the Sahel joint force, a counterterrorism effort made up of battalions from Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, Mauritania and Niger. Though Trump has pledged $60 million to the project, he has also indicated his displeasure with funding multinational efforts. France, which has devoted considerable resources to help establish the force since President Emmanuel Macron came to power, is getting frustrated with the lack of financial and political support from the United States. During a trip to Washington in mid-October, the French defense minister reportedly asked the United States to increase its assistance for the Sahel joint force, stating that Paris was looking for a long-term strategy to ease its security burden in the region.
Trump’s distaste for funding programs such as U.N. peacekeeping missions, combined with the reports that the Pentagon wants to increase its activities in Africa, makes for an interesting contradiction. Nevertheless, the current administration is unlikely to break with its predecessors’ policies, which tried to minimize U.S. military action in favor of local solutions. Senior officials in the U.S. armed forces overwhelmingly agree on the need to keep investing in local partnerships, even as Trump pushes for more aggressive action against militant groups around the world. Considering that the Sahel — a region whose vast, isolated terrain falls largely under the governance of poor, weak states — will struggle indefinitely with instability, maintaining this strategy is essential. Increased activity in sub-Saharan Africa, moreover, comes with unavoidable risks for U.S. policymakers.
To strengthen forces in Niger, for example, U.S. service members will have to accompany their local counterparts on potentially dangerous missions, much as they have in Somalia. And the inherent environmental and logistical challenges that await them in the desolate lands of the Sahel will raise the odds of complications or casualties.
The rise of terrorism has driven home the reality that the United States can’t afford to disregard sub-Saharan Africa. Though the continent has long been low on Washington’s list of priorities, the recent proliferation of militant groups in the Sahel offers a stark reminder that the United States ignores the region at its own peril.
Source: Stratfor is the world’s leading geo-political intelligence platform based in Washington DCNational Youth Choir of Great Britain
Giles Swayne: Choral Works
(Delphian)
Swayne pushes at the boundaries of choral singing to create works of excitement and beauty. The extract from his 1995 setting of Blake’s The Tiger crackles with dark, dangerous mystery in a thrilling performance by Laudibus, formerly the National Youth Chamber Choir for which it was written.
The voices both of this and the larger ensemble betray no youth and are testament to the current excellence of this country’s vocal culture — and what soloists are produced. The counter-tenor Stephen Wallace expresses the terrifying madness in the solo cantata A Convocation of Worms with almost psychopathic feverishness. Swayne is undoubtedly the finest choral composer writing today.
RICK JONESAfter four eventful years living in Central Texas, I’ve decided to relocate back to Florida. Now I’m on the hunt for my next major career opportunity in the city I’ll call home.
When I moved to Austin in 2012, I went with a free-to-be-me mindset and no specific intention – other than the quest to live in the hottest city in America, boasting opportunity and like-minded peeps. The Live Music Capital has certainly filled my soul with exceptional entertainment and fueled my creative spirit with the eclectic energy that keeps the city vibrant. During my time in Texas, I built my own PR consultancy, represented world-renown clients, and taught at Texas State. I forged friendships with exceptional pros while serving on the PRSA Austin board, and my heart was made fuller through homeless outreach with Mobile Loaves & Fishes.
During the course of four years, a great amount has changed in Austin. And the same applies to me. I’m not the same person. I’ve actually changed dramatically – both my purview and my priorities. As I evaluate what’s best for me in this next stage of life, there are four major considerations that come into play.
1. Career: I’m trading in freedom and autonomy for structure and teamwork. It’s been exhilarating to develop my own company, secure my own clients and deliver services in a uniquely SHEEHY creative style. But today, I’m ready to resign from entrepreneurship. It’s time for me to join a company where I can flourish as a professional, but also find balance personally. When you’re self-employed, the “always on” mentality doesn’t quit, nor do all the additional stressors that factor in to running a successful business. Most notably, I can’t wait to be a part of a team again. I genuinely crave water cooler chat. I thrive while being inventive among my peers, and I’m seeking the perfect opportunity to do so.
2. Closeness to the ocean = regular physical activity – There’s something awe-inspiring about living near the ocean that promotes physical wellness. And with this move back to Florida, proximity to the beach is a priority for me. Not only do I dream of running along sandy white beaches, but paddle boarding and yoga on the beach sound like pure heaven. In order to be my best self, my physical environment must boast serenity and there’s nothing better than a Florida beach.
3. My people are my backbone – As I get older, I crave regular time with my family and dear friends, and the majority of them still live in Florida. Being closer to my loved ones is a driving decision to return home. I’m also looking forward to spending quality time with my friends’ children and strengthening our rapport. Back at December, I enjoyed goofing off with my best friend’s son and can’t wait for more moments like these.
4. Choosing joy and finding peace in the simple moments. It’s been said, “People come into your life for a reason, season and a lifetime” and this summarizes my Texas experience. I’m incredibly grateful for the individuals who have shaped the woman I am today and look forward to growing our friendship — even while across country. Even though my journey to Texas was in fact larger than life, today, I desire a different way of being. I joyfully chose new ways of living, listening and loving, and I can’t wait to see what the future has in store.
With all this in mind, now I have to pinpoint the next city that I’ll call home? I’m considering St. Petersburg, Fort Myers and Fort Lauderdale. All are close to family and friends. All have beautiful beaches. And I’m assuming each have interesting career opportunities that I’ll soon discover.
Have suggestions, job opportunities, words of encouragement, want to reconnect? Email me at ryan@sheehycreative.com. I’m open to the possibilities!
Arsenal finished off the English Premier League season by defeating lowly Aston Villa 4-0 behind a hat trick from Olivier Giroud. It was a fantastic way to finish the season as rival club Tottenham lost 5-1 to Newcastle, propelling Arsenal into a second place finish in the league.
By passing Tottenham in the standings today, Arsenal has finished ahead of Spurs in the league for the 21st consecutive year. This season also marks the first time the Gunners have finished in the top 2 since all the way back in the 2004-2005 season.
Arsenal will look to build on this 2nd place finish next season, as they should have a realistic opportunity to win the league. The key for Arsenal will be whether or not they can keep their star players, as well as whether or not they are able to make any major additions to the squad.
Arsenal will not suffer any major loses from expiring contracts this season, but they may lose some star players in the transfer market. The Mirror has reported that Manchester City are planning to make major offers for both Jack Wilshere and Alexis Sanchez this summer.
Arsenal already has depth in their midfield, so they may be able to sell the oft-injured Wilshere, but if their goal is to win a title next season, then Alexis Sanchez needs to remain with the squad. Sanchez scored 13 goals with 4 assists in the Premier League this season, and he scored an additional 3 goals with 5 assists in Champions League.
If Arsenal is able to keep all of their key contributors from this season, and if they are able to make a splash in the transfer window, then they should become a major title contender, if not the favorite, in the English Premier League next season.
This will be easier said then done of course, but Arsenal fans will be hopeful that Arsene Wenger and company will be able to properly manage the offseason to put Arsenal in a position to win next year.Winter! Attachment Posted on Fri, November 3, 2017 by Barbara Matsukes No comments (Add your own) Add a New Comment Your Name: Your Email/URL (Optional): Your Comment: Enter the code: Comment Guidelines: No HTML is allowed. Off-topic or inappropriate comments will be edited or deleted. Thanks. Be a Part of The Heart, Donate Today$25$50$100$250$500OtherDisclosure- Have just initiated a buy at 550 odd levels with a small stoploss of 540.
May review the stock on how it closes today and tomorrow.
Hi Nooresh,
Unfortunately Lupin has broken down below and now quoting at 511. Would the levels of 490-495 hold good and reverse up from there? Your views please.TAUNTON — Tony Abreau said it seems as though some Taunton drivers didn’t get the official memo about Thursday’s nasty snow storm.
“Governor Baker and (Taunton) Mayor Hoye told everyone to stay off the roads,” said Abreau, assistant commissioner of the city’s public works department, on Thursday afternoon.
“It’s crazy for anyone to be out in this, but the fools are out there driving — they’re stuck all over the place,” he said.
Other than an inordinate number of drivers who got stuck in snow — which was a common occurrence from mid-morning through early afternoon — Abreau said snowplow and salt-truck drivers were undeterred.
He said first priority was to clear main thoroughfares, which in Taunton includes Routes 44, 138 and 140.
The next order of business, Abreau said, was to plow arterial roads and then side streets.
Trucks equipped to deposit rock salt dropped their loads on roads before the plows came out in force.
Police Lt. Michael Tremblay said there were only “a couple” crashes involving vehicles, none of them serious, during Thursday morning and afternoon.
But he said the fact that so many drivers were getting stuck and stranded on city roads created a real headache for the police department.
“A lot of people,” Tremblay said, “discarded the warnings. They shouldn’t be out there. They just don’t get it.”
Tremblay said officers at first responded to stranded motorists and tried helping by calling tow-truck operators.
But he said it reached a point where he could no longer afford to dispatch sector cars to respond.
Even AAA, he said, by the afternoon stopped responding to its club members whose vehicles became disabled and stuck.
“They’re responding just to crashes,” Tremblay said, adding that “there are a lot of drivers who are stuck and remain stuck. It’s just too crazy.”
Abreau said he noticed some homeowners snow-blowing their driveways while the snow was still falling, which he said wasn’t a particularly good idea.
“They’re better off to just wait until it’s over,” he said, to avoid having to do it again after trucks have plowed the streets — which typically results in snow being pushed in front of driveways.
As is the case in any major winter storm, Abreau said the DPW now has to get rid of plowed snow piled high on streets.
He says most of the snow will be trucked to a site in Raynham owned by G. Lopes Construction Inc., which was contracted by the city to provide many of the trucks used on Saturday.Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'Homesteading Questions' started by Queen Bee, Jun 9, 2004.
This is my pine flooring.. I said I would post when I learned how!
Can you enlarge it just a tad more please? My eyes aren't what they used to be...
deleted by me!
gorgeous!
SBJ
Thats a pretty site.
Very nice indeed.
Oh they're beautiful!
Feeling a little stupid here, but I don't see anything in Queenbee's posts except for her text. No pictures, no links, no nothing.
Try right clicking on the red X and choosing "Show Picture."
Good luck,
SBJ
Sorry they were showing and looking quite nice! don't know what happened to them...Can anyone tell me??
Very, very nice! We also have T&G pine floors, except ours is made from 100yo. recycled tobacco barn boards. Our floor shows the old circular saw marks, nail holes, etc and were put down with square head nails. We considered new pine, but since all of our walls and ceilings are new T&G pine, we wanted the floors to be contrasting.
I have wanted this kind of floor in my den for so so long! Now I will show ya'll's photos to husband!!! THANK YOU! They are both beautiful!
Beautiful floors Queen Bee and Cabin!How to Change High Graphic Game to Low Graphic Game with 3D Analyze
Three Parts:Installing 3D AnalyzeChanging SettingsEmulating a Graphics CardCommunity Q&A
Are you having difficulties running the games you want to play, but you can't afford to upgrade your computer? By making a few tweaks to the game's settings you can lower the quality of the graphics to increase the performance, allowing you to play the game without issue. 3D Analyze is a tool that can handle all of the tweaking automatically. It is designed for very old systems trying to run equally old games.
Steps
Part 1
Installing 3D Analyze
- 1Understand what 3D Analyze does. This tool can be used for older games and video cards (pre-2003). It can lower the graphical effects of a game to help you run it better, and it can emulate DirectX features so that you can run a game that your graphics card technically does not support. Note that this program will not work with most cards made by Nvidia and AMD/ATI, which is the vast majority of the market. This program is designed for 3DFX, Voodoo, PowerVR, and ATI cards made before 2003.
- 2
- 3Run 3D Analyze. A window will appear with a bunch of checkboxes. This is the 3D Analyze interface, and you can use it to make adjustments to your game before playing.
- 4Select your game executable. Click the "SELECT" button and browse for the EXE file for your game. You can usually find this is the games folder in the Program Files directory.
Part 2
Changing Settings
- 1Use the Performance section to adjust graphics settings. There are a variety of options you can toggle in the Performance section before launching your game. Disabling features may make the game run better, but they can also cause significant problems and stability issues. Games aren't designed to use the features, so the chances of encountering a problem are high.
- Remember, this will only be effective on games made in the early 2000s and earlier. Newer games will not benefit from this program, and will likely crash upon startup.
- Most Windows games will use the "DirectX 8.1 and 9.0 Options" section. Older games will use the "OpenGL Options" section.
- 2Disable textures for a big performance boost. Select "disable textures" to turn off all textures in your game. Be prepared for a very ugly game, as textures are what give the 3D models details. Everything will appear flat when you force textures off. This will result in one of the biggest performance gains if it works with your game.
- If you want to use textures, but still want a performance increase, select "force small texture (32x32)". This will load basic textures, but they will be much smaller than normal.
- 3Disable lighting for another good performance increase. Dynamic lighting is a popular way to make games appear more realistic, but it can have a dramatic impact on your framerate. Disabling lighting can help you get a newer game running on an older system. Again, this will not work on all games.
- 4Try running your game. After adjusting a few settings, try playing the game by clicking the "RUN" button. If the game crashes or doesn't work like it should, go back to the Performance section in 3D Analyze and try some different settings. It will take a lot of trial and error before you find a combination that works well for your game and your system.
Part 3
Emulating a Graphics Card
- 1Understand the basic process. 3D Analyze can trick your games into thinking you're running a more advanced graphics card. Some of the graphics card computations are then handled by your CPU instead. This can be good if you have a very old computer and want to run a slightly less old game.
- This is a very finicky process, and will likely not work for many game.
- 2Determine which version of DirectX your game requires. There are many versions of DirectX, and if your card is old it may not support newer versions. You can determine which version your game requires by checking its system requirements.
- 3Set the appropriate options for the version you want to switch to. You can use 3D Analyze to move to the version of DirectX immediately following yours. For example, if you have DirectX 7, you can emulate DirectX 8, but not 8.1 or 9.
- DirectX 7 - Check "emulate HW TnL caps", "emulate bump map caps", and "emulate cube maps".
- DirectX 8 - Check "emulate other DX8.1 caps", "emulate pixel shader caps", and "skip pixel shader version 1.1".
- DirectX 8.1 - Check "skip pixel shader version 1.4".
- DirectX 9 - Check "skip pixel shader version 2.0".
- 4Try running the game. Test the game to see if your DirectX emulation is allowing the game to run. If you get an error message about an unsupported video card, read on.
- 5Use 3D Analyze to change your video card information. The game you are trying to run may give you a message about your video card being unsupported. If this is the case, you can use 3D Analyze to change your graphics card's hardware ID information so that the game thinks a different card is installed.[1]
- Look for the "VendorID" and "DeviceID" fields in 3D Analyze. Find a card listed to the right that is compatible with the game you want to play. Enter the ID numbers listed below the card into the corresponding fields to change what your computer reports as the installed graphics card.
- If you need to switch back to your actual hardware ID information, enter "0" into both run GTA 5 with a 3D analyzer and 2 GB of RAM?Aniss AoudjehaneYou might be able to run it, but the performance will likely not be optimal. The map will struggle to load because of the lack of RAM, and the graphics processing unit you probably have is likely going to render frames at a very slow rate.
- Can I run a graphics intensive game with a 3D analyzer and 4 GB of RAM?
- Can I run Pro Evolution Soccer 17 perfectly with 258MB of V-RAM?
- How do I run GTA 5 with a 3D analyzer?
- Can 3D Analyzer work with Need for Speed Undercover?
Warnings
- This program has the potential to make your games run improperly or with odd effects. It also does not work with the vast majority of modern games.
Sources and Citations
Article Info
Categories: Video Games
In other languages:
Português: Reduzir a Qualidade Gráfica de Jogos com o 3D Analyze, Русский: понизить графику игры при помощи 3D Analyze
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 51,068 times.I went to Sternberg first half, back when it was six weeks and considered by many a pit of impurity. It probably was. After all, that’s where I learned the facts of life: something I would not have otherwise have learned from an educated source. (My educated source being an girl a with sex ed class under her belt.)
Perhaps worse, I walked out of Sternberg with an MO friend.
Then again, she walked out with a whole bunch of bais Yaakov friends. If anything, she flipped out by association with us, and not the reverse. She joined us in accepting all the important practices of bais Yaakov women, like long sleeves and tznius buttons. We exchanged copious emails tracking our progress, bemoaning the fact that we still, somehow, hated duty-length skirts, even though our teachers promised we’d get used to it after a month and never want to go back. We wanted to go back so badly, but we wanted to be good even more badly.
However, since she didn’t attend a bais Yaakov, some of the finer points of tznius were lost on my Friend. As was illustrated when I brought her to school one day.
I spent the evening before on the phone with her, reviewing all the guidelines for her Friday attire.
1 – No denim. Denim is the cloth of the working man. Benos Yisroel are not men. Benos melochim do not work. Denim is not appropriate attire for aidel maidels.
2 – No zipper fly. Flies are placed in a location that is wildly inappropriate on a woman. All it does is alert men to the available access points. NOT TZNIUS.
3 – No cargo pockets or similar accoutrements. Twofold problem here: firstly that cargo pockets were “in” and trendy is never tznius. (Fashion is decided by men in Paris whose sole goal in dressing women is to expose them in new and exciting ways. In contrast, tznius is decided by men in Manchester, whose sole goal in dressing women is to hide them from new and exciting male imaginings.) Second problem: see item 1 on functional work clothes.
4 – Skirt must reach four inches below the knee. This is so that when seated, the skirt still covers the knees and nobody can see up your skirt.
5 – Skirt must not be longer than two inches above the ankles. Long, sweeping skirts are untznius because they draw attention to oneself, they’re sloppy, and they’re fashionable (at least among the gothic crowd, and a bas melech is not gothic).
My Friend promised to heed all these rules, although she clearly thought I was overreacting. She was visiting for one day. What did my principal care what she wore?
I almost died when I saw what she brought to wear. It was a jersey t-shirt fabric with a drawstring and cargo pockets. And it went down to her ankles.
“You can’t…” I didn’t know where to start. It was obvious to me that benos melachim didn’t wear jersey skirts for anything but lounging around at home. Drawstrings hearkened to exercising, which has all sorts of immodest associations in the imagination of strangers. Worst of all, it was too long!
“I’ll roll it up,” she shrugged. “What’s the big deal?” Rolling the waistband hid the drawstrings, so I calmed my palpitating heart and took her to school.
“Maybe we can avoid seeing the Rebbetzin,” I comforted myself. My classroom was literally across the hall from her office, but she was a busy woman and we didn’t have many breaks in our day. It could be managed.
“You’re crazy,” my Friend laughed.
We did not avoid the Rebbetzin. At one point, we walked out of the classroom for a bathroom break and there she was.
I saw her eyes drop to my friend’s sneakers (yes, she wore sneakers *face palm*) and begin the slow climb of the Bais Yaakov teacher elevator eyes. I saw her take in the hemline (the skirt had slipped down), the cargo pockets, the jersey fabric, the drawstrings…
I cringed.
The Rebbetzin forced a smile, welcomed my Friend. Asked her a few questions. Let us go.
Phew…
“See? That wasn’t so bad,” my Friend gloated. “You were all nervous for nothing.”
We were halfway through Parsha class when the announcement came over the PA. We were all required to attend an emergency assembly in the lunch room.
We exchanged puzzled glances. Had something happened? Were we being gathered to say Tehillim?
No, we were being gathered for something more important: a tznius reminder.
The Rebbetzin was a big believer in the power tears. Public tears. Mainly: her tears in our public. After all, how could we sit there stony-hearted listening to a full-grown woman sob about the state of our souls (or wardrobes) and not be affected?
It’s like Jewish mother guilt, but for an entire school.
And we were affected. We sat there, heads lowered, and listened to how important tznius was –- how it was the highest calling of an unmarried Jewish woman, the most important mitzvah of our gender. We listened to how important it was to present ourselves as benos melochim in our dress and our behavior. We listened to how important it is to hem our skirts two inches above our ankles to avoid looking sloppy or goyish. And we absorbed the visceral pain the Rebbetzin felt on seeing girls who didn’t value tznius cheapen themselves with the clothes they wore.
“Does this happen a lot?” my Friend leaned over and whispered.
I shook my head. Maybe two or three times a year.
“It’s because of me, isn’t it?” she asked.
“I told you so,” I whispered back.
“Wow,” she said. “She really cares about the length of your skirts.”
We filed out of the assembly soberly, weighed down by guilt over denim and with a new resolve to keep our hemlines restricted.
On the bright side, we missed most of Parsha and a good deal of Biology.
2 thoughts on “How My MO Friend’s Skirt Made the Principal Cry and Got Us All Out of Parsha Class”
[…] Rebbetzin had two modes for mussar. One was the tearful route I already described once. The other was fire and brimstone. For recusant dancers, fire and brimstone was the technique she […]
If there was a rebbe in my school who cried when a boy violated the rules I would have grown up to be a sadistPartly Cloudy
HI: 18°
LO: 8°
Hundreds of Medina school teachers approved a new contract that calls for a salary freeze and a raise in insurance costs, according to John Leatherman, president of the Medina City Teachers Association.
MEDINA, Ohio - Hundreds of Medina school teachers approved a new contract that calls for a salary freeze and a raise in insurance costs, according to John Leatherman, president of the Medina City Teachers Association.
The union, which represents 407 teachers, said votes were cast at all of the school buildings on Wednesday and news that the teachers accepted the deal was announced at 4:30 p.m.
"I am excited to let you know that it did pass and I hope the community appreciates that and we can maybe move forward," Leatherman said.
According to Leatherman, longevity or step pay increases remain in the contract, but teachers were asked to accept a salary freeze for two years. He also said teachers would pay more towards their health insurance, jumping from 17.5 percent to 20 percent.
Leatherman said if the contract had been rejected, the union would have returned to federal mediation.
The teachers' vote comes a week after controversy erupted over an $83,000-bonus that was paid to Superintendent Randy Stepp as part of his new, five-year contract.
Facing tremendous pressure from the union and parents, Stepp announced he will pay back the bonus. He also said he'll give up merit raises that could total up to $36,000.
"People want to know exactly how and when the bonus will be paid back. I didn't get an answer on that," Leatherman told NewsChannel5.
The cash-strapped district, which has dealt with several recent levy failures, is seeking a 5.9-mill levy on the May ballot.
Union officials said cuts in recent years have resulted in a 25 percent reduction in teaching staff and a reduction in art, music programs and physical education.
School board member Susan Vlcek said if the levy fails, the district would have to consider making further cuts that could include more staff reductions, reducing the school day and building reconfigurations for the 2014-2015 school year.
Vlcek said cuts would not be made for the 2013-2014 school year.
"Our intention is to move this district forward, whatever that takes, and we hit lots of challenges along the way, but we intend to keep working together and with good leadership, I think we can lead us in the right direction," Vlcek said.
Twin brothers, Andrew and Wesley Laub, who are juniors at Medina High School, both said they hope voters approve the levy, but they're worried.
"I really like the teachers here and I'd hate to see some of them go. These are some of the best teachers I've ever met here at Medina High School," Wesley said.New Music from Young Empires
>. Bassist Jake Palahnuk says, “There’s more struggle on this record. Life gets tougher as you grow up. The bliss of youth fades away and real life sets in. There’s a lot of hope… though.”
“The Gates” and “So Cruel,” which we’ve previously sent, are now joined with new track “Sunshine” on this sampler. An upbeat track that combines fluid vocals and captivating melodies with bouncy drums, “Sunshine” arrives just in time for the summer.
“With luminous, reverbing synths and pinched vocals… Young Empires… [delivers] indie-pop delicacy…’”
-Spin
“Young Empires go into slinky dance-music overdrive, sounding something like Passion Pit might if they spent some serious time in Berlin’s finer house-music establishments.”
-Stereogum
RIYL: Tanlines, Foals, Generationals, White Arrows, Starf*cker, Body Language, Yeasayer, Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr., Trails and Ways
Label: Votiv
Going for Adds 7/13 & 7/14
FCC Cleanنمایش یک نتیجه
by William G Faris , Language: English.
Category…
… Books > Science and Math > Mathematics
… Books > Science and Math > Mathematics > Applied > Stochastic Modeling
… Books > Science and Math > Mathematics > Geometry and Topology > Algebraic Geometry
… Books > Science and Math > Physics > Quantum TheoryMuzsikás
About Muzsikás
Based in Budapest, Muzsikás is widely considered to be the foremost Hungarian folk ensemble in the world. Together with renowned vocalist Márta Sebestyén, they revivify traditional Hungarian folk music, not only of gypsy descent, but of the true Hungarian roots that composer Béla Bartók considered to be the greatest in the world. Muzsikás own website is, which is also in English.Ripped Jeans for Fall 2017
Ripped, distressed jeans are my favorite. They show personality, style, and versatility. That’s exactly the qualities we all need if we want to dress stylish Continue Reading
Ripped, distressed jeans are my favorite. They show personality, style, and versatility. That’s exactly the qualities we all need if we want to dress stylish Continue Reading
I am absolutely obsessed with the off the shoulder trend. If you watched my recent YouTube show, “Girl, No!,” then you may remember me saying Continue Reading
People don’t exactly realize how important undertone is. Your undertone will dictate to what colors work best for you as far as makeup and fashion. Continue Reading
Spring is here and many of us (mostly me) are very happy to see it alive and well. Spring can be strange now because it Continue Reading
The holidays tend to take a lot out of you and keep you busy. In a good way, however, it can be an overwhelming time Continue Reading
I’m going to be doing more style posts this upcoming year so I wanted to share my initial shoot. A photo shoot is completely new Continue Reading
To be honest, in my opinion, the best things about Fall are My Birthday, Fall Fashion, Thanksgiving, and Pumpkin Spice (Yes, I’m one of those Continue Reading
If you’re anything like me, you are short, chocolate and sassy. Also, if you’re anything like me then you know that it can be a Continue Reading
Life can get hectic! Lets face it! A lot of things are rushed and left until the very last minute. Between work, family life, and Continue Reading
For all of my brown girls trying to figure out what’s the best highlight and contouring practices for you, check out this video below. I Continue ReadingWelcome world
It’s my first articleRead More Welcome world
It’s my first articleRead More Welcome world
This is my first blogRead More Greetings!
The IELTS writing test may be hard mountain to scale but with the correct preparation it is possible to perhaps be sure that your IELTS essay will probably be good enough to draw in the rating that you simply truly want. If you’re concerned or new to IELTS, I counsel you read through these points. […]Read More Taste Rental Contract Singapore
You may possibly suffer having a distinctive sort of composing, or with a particular citation model, or other things with the sort. After having a look in the case provided below, you ought to really have the capability to get a belief of how you want to start writing your own. When you submit the […]Read More CustomEssayWritingService Help! […]Read More The Define Academic Paper Game […]Read More Alarming Facts Regarding Cheap Academic Paper Uncovered […]Read More The Incredible Details Into DoCustomEssayWritingServicesWork Most People Don’t Know About […]Read More The Pain of EssayandTermPapers […]Read More The New Angle On Custom Academic Paper Writing Service Just ReleasedPlaid Labs Design Thinking for Digital Marketing
We are a user experience driven marketing agency based in Toronto, Canada helping clients around the world create meaningful engagement with their target audiences
Solutions Digital Experiences Designed For Targeted Audiences
Results & Expertise
Case Studies
Industries
Testimonials
Join Our Collective
We are always on the lookout for talented individuals interested in working together in our collectiveVOA > VOA英语教学 > AS IT IS >
- Iran Air Signs $16 Billion Plane Deal with Boeing(2016-12-13)
- Can You Start a Technology Company Outside of Silicon Valley?(2016-12-12)
- Islamic State Expanding Schools in Eastern Afghanistan(2016-12-09)
- Therapy Pig Brings Relief to Stressed Travelers(2016-12-09)
- TIME Magazine Names Donald Trump “Person of the Year”(2016-12-08)
- Returning Somali Refugees Rebuild Lives(2016-12-08)
- Pipeline Protesters Cheer In North Dakota(2016-12-06)
- Independent Defeats Populist in Austrian Presidential Election(2016-12-06)
- US Air Force Faces Shortage of Fighter Jet Mechanics(2016-12-05)
- Clothing Designer from Malawi Targets Overseas Markets(2016-12-05)
- Appeal for Next US President to Help Women in Business(2016-12-04)
- Report: Volunteer Who Dressed as Clown for Syrian Kids Killed(2016-12-03)
- Austria Could Elect EU’s First Far-Right Leader(2016-12-03)
- US Air Force Has Severe Shortage of Pilots(2016-12-02)
- Indonesia Seeks to Balance Sea Claims, Economic Interests(2016-12-02)
- Report: Vietnam Expands Military Runway in South China Sea(2016-12-01)
- Islamic State Calls Ohio Attack Suspect 'Soldier of Caliphate'(2016-12-01)
- Businessman Moise Set to Win Haiti's Presidential Election(2016-12-01)
- Obamas Prepare for Their Final White House Christmas(2016-11-30)
- Plane Carrying Football Team From Brazil Crashes in Colombia(2016-11-30)
- Piano Player Redesigns His Favorite Instrument(2016-11-29)
- Trump Calls Millions of Votes 'Illegal'(2016-11-29)
- Will Death of Fidel Castro Improve Human Rights in Cuba?(2016-11-29)
- Castro's Death, Trump Presidency Raise Questions About US-Cuba Ties(2016-11-29)
- UN Warns of Worsening Situation for Displaced Afghans(2016-11-28)
- Cameroon Taking Steps to Control Social Media(2016-11-28)
- Less Energy Now Produced by Coal in US South(2016-11-28)
- An American National, But Not a Citizen(2016-11-27)
- Olive Trees Survive Islamic State Occupation(2016-11-27)
- Glacier Bay: A Land Reborn(2016-11-26)
- Egyptian Court Cancels Life Sentence For Former President Morsi(2016-11-25)
- What Happens When a Dictator Dies?(2016-11-23)
- Putting Namibia on the World Music Map(2016-11-20)
- Skateboarder Group Exchanges Tricks and Support(2016-11-20)
- Lawyers in Cameroon Are Fighting the Justice System(2016-11-18)
- Chinese Websites Block Insulting Names for North Korean Leader(2016-11-18)
- Bruce Springsteen’s Motorcycle Breaks Down(2016-11-16)
- President-elect Trump to Meet with China's Xi(2016-11-15)
- Facebook CEO Denies False News Influenced US Election(2016-11-15)
- Two Belarusian Men Invent Simple Prosthetic Arm(2016-11-13)
- Shenandoah: A Western-Style Park in the East(2016-11-12)
- Poland's Lech Walesa Says Poverty Hurts Reform Efforts in North Korea(2016-11-12)
- Minnesota Elects First Female Somali American Lawmaker(2016-11-12)As I was informing you in my previous post, this past Friday I was given the opportunity to go to an assessment day for the Institute of Direct Marketing Summer School. Little did I know that it was going to be such a fun experience and one to learn a lot from irrespective of the outcome.
The day started on a really shy note as I turned up 40 minutes early in my attempt not to be late and beat the traffic, and early I was! Luckily, I was soon joined by a student from Oxford and another one from Cambridge. Talk about competition now! Although they were equally intimidated by me as I am a Master student in the field of Marketing, whereas they had more of an overall business background. Anyway, the day moved on and the room soon filled with students eager to show their best skills and be one of the elected few to benefit from a free week of studying in June in a recognised marketing summer school and potentially get a job from it.
The first task was a short introduction and a unique question to each participant ranging from who you would like to have dinner with to what household object would you mostly likely keep in case of an emergency (note to self: a knife seems like a strange answer, but it is actually very well thought through). Then we were soon divided into 3 groups of 5 and given the task of critically evaluating direct marketing materials from Virgin Media. I must confess, this was the funnest part of the day, not because of the evaluation, but due to the people in my group I got to know and talk to.
The following activities included a one-to-one interview, a numerical and proof reading test, an initiative test and a 5 minute presentation on a topic of my choice.
For this, I chose a few interesting facts about tea and the audience seemed interested and enthusiastic to know about my passion which I deem a sign of success of my presentation skills.The initiative test put me on the spot of a unique situation within the work environment to assess how I would react and I must admit I missed out on a few points but it was also a fun exercise to imagine flying to Brazil for work.
All in all, I feel more prepared to face to tough world of interviewing now as so many students there were sharing. If I will be admitted to the summer school, I’m sure it will be an amazing experience from the little teaser which was the assessment day. If not, it has still been something I learned greatly from.
Well done! I’m sure it will be a great learning experience, even if from the teaser session alone. Also works as a brilliant recruitment drive! Will be keeping my fingers crossed for you 🙂
That’s very nice of you! Thanks 🙂
Pingback: Nothing compares to you, IDM Summer School! | Eruditio
Hi There! loved your blog post, was so useful! i’m going to the assessment day in a few weeks so nervous.. would you have any advice for me 🙂 thanks!Newsletter sign-up
Our newsletter is published monthly and gives a comprehensive synopsis of policy developments, government and museum announcements and speeches as well as major new initiatives and news.
Everyone is welcome to sign up to get an overview of the big picture for the sector.
Newsletters are usually sent in the first week of each month.
If you have a story you think we should include, please contact [email protected]If I appear to evaporate for a few days, it will be that I am attending the birth of my third grandgirl.
My Marie is due to deliver her sweet angel on January 27th!!! None of us (doctor included) believe the baby will wait that long. Of course, we could all be wrong. As the doctor stated to Marie on Thursday, if she had a crystal ball to predict when babies were born...she'd be a millionaire!
Feel free to take a guess when you think my baby girl will deliver her baby girl!
This photo of Marie (which I feel captures her total radiance) was taken late in November at 30 weeks!
28 comments:
Now if only I knew the weather predictions for where she is... Since the full moon was last night, wait for a low depression to settle in over the area. Nothing brings more babies than storms. Just sayin...
But I'm going to predict January 21st.
oh, by the way stop by for two awards I've given you.
ky...oh one two one...has a nice ring! I'll check the farmer's almanac for storm predictions! Oh my, I NEED to get there before the weather gets too bad!!!!!
Thank you for the awards!!!
Hi, Airman Mom, Congrats on the new grandbaby soon to arrive. Thanks for visiting my blog, and yes, the soldier who writes the "Embrace the Suck" blog is just awesome. What a great glimpse he has provided us back home. Makes me laugh at the same time it makes me proud.
I hope your son's time in the war is shorter than we all think it might be, and that he returns home safely to his loved ones.
I like your "cause" and stand behind you on it, as I do all our soldiers. I will refer others to your blog as well.
My best regards,
KJ
fragrant...thanks for taking the time to stop by! MudPuppy is not only a hero, but a hero with talent to paint his picture beautifully with words. Your thoughtful words are appreciated. Please do invite others to stop by for a visit!
I vote for January 18th. That is a good day (my birthday). Keep us posted.
michelle... Marie has been predicting the 17th...who knows, she could go into labor on the 17th and deliver on your birthday! I will keep you posted!!!
I'm not good at predicting things like that (LOL!) But i do hope for a smooth delivery.
She looks just lovely ~ pregnancy really suits her.
love,
Amanda x
amanda...thank you for your sweet words and good wishes. Prayers are needed for a smooth delivery!
I'm going for January 14, as that is my daughter's first born, Luke 6 years ago.
Pops
pops... hmmmm, Luke is the name of my mutt! It could be a coincidence...time will tell! Thanks for stopping by!
Wow, is she ever radiant! She is positively glowing! Best wishes for a new and healthy grandbaby!
Your Marie is absolutely beautiful! And I'm not very good at predicting birth dates, but I'm really, really hoping for January 17. As you know from my blog, that is my Mom's birthday, and also my grandson's. Very, very good people have January 17 birthdays! :)
kim-d...as I shared in my comment to Michelle...the 17th is Marie's date of choice! If my sweet grandgirl has this birthday, she will be among very special people!
donna...your kind words mean so very much. Thank you!!!!!
AM,
I'm guessin' a week early, so Jan 20th, but I will probably be wrong. I do agree with the person who said that babies come during storms. The night before my daughter was born, we got 3 feet of snow and Mom went to town to stay with my aunt and uncle so she would be able to get to the hospital for me to be born.
Congratulations on the new grandbaby. Remember to take photos.
Blessings,
Mary
mary...as always, it is so nice of you to stop by and leave your kind words. I am going to stay at her house tonight...she is not 'feeling well' and yes...we are expecting some snow tomorrow. We'll see! Trust me, I'll have the camera :)
Hmmm, I think that your little one may be on the way tonight or tomorrow...I agree with the storm idea, but the full moon does it too (both my boys waited for the full moon!
Congratulations! Can't wait to hear when your little one gets here!
Marie is absolutely glowing! congrats on the upcoming delivery.
Woohoo! Can't wait!!!
that's such a beautiful picture.
Congratulations in advance!!!
kathleen...I've been with Marie these past two days...no baby yet! But....lots of nesting going on :)
tonjia...as always, I totally enjoy reading your kind words.
julie...thanks for your woo-hoo!!! I do it lots!
catie... thanks for stopping by!
My vote is for January 19th...I'm sure she's getting ready for the baby to be here!! She looks great!
swg...the 19th would be a good birthday for my grandgirl!!!
She's beautiful! What a gorgeous family you have.
HL...tahnk you for your kind words regarding my baby girl!!!photo courtesy of Blue Lily Photography.
First things first. No sweet bebe boy yet. The contractions have halted and the {big guy} is in there quite possible for a few more weeks. I say big because at Sara's last ultrasound over a month ago he was over 7 lbs and kicked so hard he BROKE one of her ribs {ouch}. So, we will continue to exude patience {yeah right} and pray for a healthy boy soon. ps - we have decided on a name. We are going to hame him William Henry VI (after Will of course). I wanted to call him Sixx, but no one thinks that is as funny/cute as I do. Samme wants to call him {little Willy} but that won't be so cute when he gets older! lol! So we've decided on {Henry}. But, not Hank. Let's make that clear upfront. However, his nickname might very well be HULK depending on his size at birth! I'll keep you posted. But thank you again for all of your well wishes! Oh and I've updated our personal blog with recent photos if you are interested.
Speaking of baby #2 on the way...This baby is like starting over in many ways. As it has been 4 1/2 years since we had an infant and over 2 1/2 years since we've changed a diaper. All of the baby stuff we used with Samme has been passed on to family & friends, so we do need to gather some new things. I'm working very hard to keep it simple and not go overboard (crib, dresser -also use as changing table, diapers, wipes, basic onesies, sling, etc.) But I will admit that I did find myself in the babyGAP while in Boulder buying this this and this. I couldn't resist.
{More on my attempts to not accumulate un-needed baby stuff soon ...is it even possible? Oh and pics of the nursery in the works soon... }
Some good news on the Nielson's recovery here and a wonderful article in the NY Times about the blogging {communities} efforts to help the Nielson family here. Another great article here. And a great video of the Today Show interview here. I've been so inspired by the outpouring of support & love for Stephanie and her family. You know how I always say "delete blogs that don't inspire you to be a better person, a better mother, a better wife, a better friend." Well if I had to choose only ONE blog to read for the rest of my life, it would be hers. In fact, I recently just read back through all of her archives and printed out a bunch of her recipes.
The winners of the {get your yoga ON giveaway} finally are...
The Yogamatic custom mat...I've decided (along with Yogamatic) that we are going to create a custom yoga mat for Stephanie/Nie Nie with the above photo. As many of you know she was a yoga teacher in Arizona and our hopes are that someday in the near future she will be able to look down at a beautiful yoga mat with a picture of her family and find some peace as she faces a long road to recovery. You all can get your own uber-cool custom yoga mat at Yogamatic!
And if any of you are interested in a LobotoME mantra yoga mat let ME know and I can see what I can do about uploading a high res image for you.
Even Keel Shorts - Sarah
Even Keel is offering up a 20% discount in honor of September as National Yoga Month. At checkout enter: "NYM2008"
Even Keel is offering up a 20% discount in honor of September as National Yoga Month. At checkout enter: "NYM2008"
Please email ME ( info @ lobotoME . com ) your mailing addresses and I will get your prizes in the mail asap.
Oh and some of you asked ME how FitME month went. Well, up until a week ago I was doing great...I didn't end the month on a super strong note but all in all it went well. I think having a great, healthy month going into several months of sleep deprivation will certainly help ME stay sane and healthy. The 1/2 marathon training isn't going as well - it might be OTC {off the couch}. I'd love to hear how yours went!
At some point this month, depending upon the arrival of Henry, I will get back to a semi-normal schedule of blogging. Stay tuned for some great posts on how to have a simple, meaningful Christmas, back to school organization tips, sugar-free halloween ideas, another great giveaway, sanity saving tips going into the busy holiday season & MORE!
4 comments:
CONGRATULATIONS, Newcomer Family!!! We are SO excited for all of you. We are looking forward to hearing about your new little baby boy! Good luck with everything!
Love, Katie, Brian and Isabelle
Jenny! I am SO happy for you. Little boys are special- I've been blessed twice and they are SO special. Tanner's birthday is 10/2- which is a GREAT day for a new little baby- although a ways away. I wish you patience, grace, courage, love and all the best getting to know your new little guy. I know when I found out I was pregnant with Tanner, Chris and I wondered how we could possibly love someone even close to as much as we loved Bailey... It's amazing you can give so much of yourselves and love all of your little blessing SO much. But you do. All the best Jenny!
Jenny Linn - I am so excited for all of you. We absolutely cannot wait to meet "Little Willy". {You KNOW that is going to be the name that sticks!!} The girls ask me on a daily basis whether "Samme's new baby brother" has "come out" yet.
I am grateful that You, Will and Samme have arrived home safely. No secret how good it feels to finally be home in your own bed. We had such a fun visit with you and Samme. The girls are also asking how soon we can see you again. By the way....I totally knew you were headed back to the Gap for those outfits - you lingered a little too long over them!!
Just remember to breathe and take som momME :) time this month - I know how much you have on your plate and I know how quickly it can be overwhelming. I can only imagine how many pages of the momME planner you are going through right now!!!!!
We all love you so much!!!
Thank you so much for the update! It was actually your blog that pointed me towards the NieNie story, so thank you for all the good will you have been sending in the direction of their family :)
And I am so excited for baby pictures! I can't wait! 7 pounds and a month to percolate, he's gonna be a big guy alright! I love that you've decided to name him Henry, which I expounded on in my email to you.
And thank you so much for your wonderful giveaway, and I think it's just wonderful what you've decided to do about the yoga mat. I know that it will be truly special to her, and I'm sure that yoga will be there for her when she comes through all of this. Which I know she will.Gilmore: I support gay marriage
The time has come for gay marriage, Tanaiste Eamon Gilmore has declared.
As the Pride festival ended, the Labour leader said government, state and policy makers should no longer dictate who people fall in love with or who they decide to spend their lives with.
Mr Gilmore said that he believed that Irish law in the area is out of step with public opinion.
"I believe in gay marriage. The right of gay couples to marry is, quite simply, the civil rights issue of this generation, and, in my opinion, it's time has come," he said.
Organisers of the Pride festival estimated more than 30,000 people attended a parade and party on the streets of Dublin on Saturday afternoon, up from 26,000 last year.
The Tanaiste said the event, in its 29th year, has become an important part of the city's social calendar and is an increasingly important attraction, bringing thousands of people to the city. "But while the event is primarily a social and cultural one, it also has a political dimension," he said.
."
The issue of same sex marriage will be examined by the Constitutional Convention. Civil partnership was introduced in Ireland in 2010. The first public services took place in April last year giving couples the same rights in terms of tax, social welfare and other legal issues as married couples.
The theme of this year's pride parade was Show Your True Colours and for the first time every political party had representatives in the march.Bull.
Just like every similar program, Spamfilter will miss some junk - but that doesn't matter, as its users can help out. If you spot a spam email that's reached your Outlook inbox, say, just select this and click the Block button. Spamfilter will then recognise the message as spam and block it for all other users.
This can lead to problems if, say, some people incorrectly mark legitimate newsletters as spam, just because they can't be bothered to unsubscribe. Fortunately Spamfilter includes a Whitelist, which allows you to give the program specific email addresses or domains from which you'll always accept messages (they'll never be marked as spam). When you install the program Spamfilter will add all your contacts and the addresses of everyone you've emailed recently to the Whitelist, ensuring that their replies will never be accidentally moved to the spam folder.
There's also a blacklist, where you can add specific email address or domains that you want to be always marked as spam. This isn't so useful as a spam-fighting tactic, because spammers change their addresses all the time, but may still come in handy occasionally.
And on installation Spamfilter will train itself to recognise what are legitimate and spam emails, according to the messages that you receive. It will need two folders to achieve this, though, one containing only spam, one containing only real emails, so if you don't have these already then be sure to create them before you start the installation process.
Verdict /> /> /> />
A simple and reasonably effective way to detect and block unwanted emailsPlease watch: “How to Save Facebook Videos in Gallery | just one click”
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Hello friends today i gonna be showing you a very simple procedure to get rid of hanging problem of your mobile
You dont have to install any app
There are alot of options in android mobile to fix hanging problem of android mobile
Plz watch video very carefully
How to fix hanging problem in Android mobile urdu/hindi
social Media
Google+ :
Blogger :
android problems
mobile phone problems and solutions
android phone problems
mobile hang problem
android troubleshooting app
android phone troubleshooting
android phone problems and solutions
troubleshooting android
android mobile hang problem solution
phone problems
samsung phone problems
mobile phone problems
cell phone problems
troubleshooting android phone
mobile hang problem solution
phone problems and solutions
mobile problem and solution
android hang problem solution
smartphone problems and solutions
android fix
samsung mobile hanging problem solution
android problems and solutions
android box problems
android phone freezes
fix android phone
fix android
troubleshooting my android phone
cell phone problems and solutions
troubleshooting for android phones
android phone issues
common phone problems
android phone hanging problem
android mobile problems and solutions
mobile phone hang problem
common mobile phone problems
troubleshooting android apps
troubleshooting app for android
zte android phone troubleshooting
phone hang problem
samsung phone hanging problem
android tablet problems and solutions
tablet problems and solutions
android phone fix
phone troubleshooting
android fixer
mobile problem solution
samsung hang problem
android tablet troubleshooting
common cell phone problems
android mobile troubleshooting
samsung mobile hanging problem
android tablet problems
phone freeze
htc phone problems and solutions
samsung mobile problems and solutions
samsung cell phone problems
troubleshooting for android
fix android problems
how to fix a phone
samsung hang problem solution
android phone running slow
how to hang a mobile
troubleshooting cell phone problems
mobile problem
android email problems
mobile problem solution online
hang phone
android hang problem
samsung mobile phone problems
troubleshooting phone problems
mobile hanging software free download
why does my iphone keep freezing
common phone problems and solutions
samsung mobile phone problems solutions
my phone is slow and freezes
samsung galaxy grand prime hanging problem
phone freeze samsung
android freezing problems
mobile hang software
apps keep crashing android
how to repair android phone
android system problem
how to fix android phone
samsung phone problem solving
why do my apps keep crashing android
my phone keeps glitching
how to fix phone
troubleshooting android tablet
android apps crashing
google has stopped working android
phone hang
apps crashing android
android bug fix app
apps not downloading android
bug fixer for android
phone lagging
mobile hanging
android lag
my phone keeps freezing
hanging software free download
samsung mobile hang code
no hang mobile app
which mobile does not hang
how to hang a mobile phone
mobile hang virus
how to hang mobile by whatsapp
mobile hang problem solution in hindi
Source: YoutubeSyndicated copies to:Syndicated copies to:
.”
Tag: cosmology
David Christian’s “Maps of Time” and “Big History” – a Profound Thesis
“.
Reading Progress
- 03/11/2011 marked as: want to read after reading Bill Gates Promotes Professor’s Online Course at TED by Jeffrey R. Young in The Chronicle of Higher Education
- 08/26/11 started reading
- 08/27/11 5.0% done on page 34 of 668
- 03/01/12 5.0% done or on page 35 of 668; “Reread some of the beginning this morning as I get back into David Christian’s audio lectures.”
- 04/28/12 9.0% done on page 60 of 668
- 04/30/12 11.0% done
- 05/03/12 14.0% done
- 05/05/12 18.0% done
- 05/23/12 35.0% done
- 06/02/12 40.0% done
- 06/14/12 52.0% done
- 06/17/12 60.0% done; “Technically finished reading, but need to still go through the endnotes.”
- 10/21/12 Finished book
Highlights, Quotes, & Marginalia
Guide to highlight colors:EMMANUEL Riviere is still looking for his first Premier League goal for Newcastle United – but he’s set to be one of the first names on the teamsheet at Loftus Road.
Head coach John Carver says suspension-free Papiss Demba Cisse will NOT be fit enough to start against Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
I thought Manu was excellent as a lone strikerJohn Carver
The striker is short of fitness after a lengthy rehabilitation from surgery in March.
Riviere, signed from Monaco last summer, is yet to find the net in the league, but Carver felt the powerful frontman – whose two goals for the club have come in the Capital One Cup – ably led the line in Saturday’s 1-1 draw against West Bromwich Albion at St James’s Park.
Carver replaced Riviere with Cisse for the last 21 minutes hoping for some inspiration from the 11-goal player, who had served a seven-match ban for spitting.
“I have to give special praise for Manu, I thought he was excellent as a lone striker,” said Carver.
“But I just took a little gamble, because he’s finding it hard to find the back of the net.
“His workrate for the team is fantastic, but I just thought Papiss might give us something special. Unfortunately, it didn’t.”
Carver feels 17th-placed Newcastle need to win one of their two remaining games to stay in the Premier League.
But Cisse will be on the bench at Loftus Road against QPR, who were relegated yesterday after losing 6-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium.
Asked about Cisse’s fitness ahead of the QPR game, Carver said: “He won’t be ready to start.”
Carver was heartened by the “response” from his team, beaten 3-0 by Leicester City seven days earlier.
“The response from everybody on the pitch was fantastic,” he said.
“I think the whole squad deserved a little bit of credit. I’m not getting carried away with it, but it’s a starting point.
“A point might be huge, but the more important thing for me is the performance. The performance showed that there are people – and I include myself in that – up for this fight.”The browsers rapidly diminish, ensuring that web data can be viewed across a range of small-screen appliances is more important than ever before.
Of course, mobile access is not restricted to phones: various Pocket and Palm PCs have been offering some form of web browser for the best part of a decade, but the truth is that the PDA market is in decline compared to the rapidly expanding phone market.
Yet it is precisely this market that is creating the most problems. Whereas PDAs have quickly developed cut-down versions of popular browsers that can handle most well-designed web pages, phones are often caught up in proprietary systems that offer their own difficulties for a designer.
Back to basics design
It is because of such difficulties that the World Wide Web Consortium launched its MWI (mobile web initiative) earlier this year. Tim Berners-Lee explains that mobile access to the web has been a second class experience for far too long. While demand for such access continues to grow, web browsing from these devices has not become as easy as was anticipated. count on upgrades Processors and transfer speeds are much slower on mobile phones than PCs, and users cannot upgrade these functions.
- Realise user expectations Mobile users will have very different intentions when using the web than someone with a PC and a broadband connection. The most obvious point is that they usually want a specific piece of information rather than the ability to browse research center also offers some simple and practical advice. Keep your pages light and avoid large objects that need to be visible at a glance - or small text in images. When XHTML pages are converted to a narrow layout, too much information can be relegated to the foot of the screen.
The new browser wars
As well as usability issues, one key concern for the MWI is compatibility. Internet Explorer may means that the number of toolkits that may be required is starting to proliferate. Microsoft, for example, also offers an ASP.NET mobile controls package (formerly known as the Microsoft Mobile Internet Toolkit) that can produce relevant XHTML and WML (wireless markup language) pages, and there are also relevant kits from Nokia and Openwave among others.
In general, XHTML appears to offer the best way forward, although many low-end or older phones still support WML only.
This is where initiatives that shift the processing of code away from the phone and towards a remote server will become much more important in future. Enabling web access from as many mobile devices as possible..
Find your next job with techworld jobsI was writing the other day, trying to get a picture of the scene so I could decide just how close everybody had to be. My mind wandered off, thinking about how writers use scenery and all the nifty useful things they do with it. This did not, you understand, help me actually write, but it was a nice sneaky bit of procrastination.
Writers add scenery to a story so the characters are not floating around in an undifferentiated, moist white mist, which would be annoying for all concerned. We describe what the character sees and hears and touches and smells because it helps us reveal the interior of that person we're creating. It makes them real.
“When good Americans die, they go to Paris.” Oscar Wilde
But then, if you’re lucky, the scenery goes off and acquires a personality all in itself.
When I put my people in Paris, I want the reader to feel the city all around. I want bakeries in the Marais with the smell of bread on the wind. I want cafe tables on the Left Bank.
“We'll always have Paris.”
I want London with its East End slums and the smell of dank fog rolling off the Thames. London with intimate, small alleys and cobbles underfoot.
London is too full of fogs and serious people. Whether the fogs produce the serious people, or whether the serious people produce the fogs, I don't know. Oscar Wilde
But I want more.
I create my people, hoping readers will like them and be intrigued by them. I spin them out of men and women I've known and fiction I've read and from little parts of myself. I make my cities the same way, from history books and old paintings, from fiction, from walking down their streets and from my imagination of them.
I grow fond of the cities I make. My fictional London with its Secret Spy Headquarters at Meeks Street and its Den of Thieves. My Paris with its winding alleys and places of stark and dangerous beauty.
And in the end, when I give my characters to my readers, I find I also want to bring readers to my fictional city and the real city and say, “Dearest Reader, meet Paris. You two have so much in common. I’m sure you’ll have a lot to talk about. Paris, my dear, meet Reader.”
Do you know a city or town that seems almost alive? A place you’d like to set a story in so other folks could learn to love it?tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-523474164935132124.post4187958751100161970..comments2017-10-10T12:34:23.089+10:00Comments on Patti Roberts and Guests : Author Interview - Barbara Watkins (Hollowing Screams)Patti Robertsnoreply@blogger.comBlogger3125tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-523474164935132124.post-83232420899906141942012-04-23T10:23:26.045+10:002012-04-23T10:23:26.045+10:00Absolutely awesome Interview with Barbara Watkins....<br /><br />Thank you<br /><br />Kind Regards<br />DimiDimi Nakov favourite quote from Barbara, "Please, ple...My favourite quote from Barbara, "Please, please don't kill me off! I do so want to be in the sequel!" <br /><br />When Dimi returns from Cannes, I can see it being hell for leather to get started on his feature films. Hollowing Screams is going to be wonderful to work on.<br /><br />Great Interview Barbabra.<br /><br />Regards<br /><br />Phil GreevesPhil Greevesnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-523474164935132124.post-63072247453173720742012-04-23T05:10:45.219+10:002012-04-23T05:10:45.219+10:00Wow, SF, (I know you said nickname Barbie, but I h...Wow, SF, (I know you said nickname Barbie, but I have called you SF--Sweet Face--from day one of our friendship.) One only needs to look at your photo in Six-Pack credits to see why. :-) <br /><br /. :-)<br /><br />Congrats on your contract with Dimi and I pray he gets some huge results from Cannes. It's just an honor being accepted there. Wow!<br /><br />I'll pass this around for sure.<br /><br />Hugs - Betty DravisBetty DravisThere was a few world premieres as always during The Game Awards last night, so let’s round it up. (You can check out the who won the different awards right here)
A World War Z game is under it’s way.
Do you want to take a small vacation from the Job Simulator?
Well here’s Vacation Simulator for you…
I’m guessing I’m going to die more then twice during this game
The creators behind Firewatch announced their new title with an acutal animated character this time.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild DLC Pack 2 went live a few hours after this announcement. So get on your new motorbike for your new adventure.
Soulcaliber VI is set to release during 2018
Bayonetta 1 & 2 announced to be released on the Nintendo Switch 16, February
and without any surprise, Bayonetta 3 was announced
Hideo Kojima, oh Hideo Kojima.. what in the hell are you trying to tell us this time. It would be nice to see how your dreams are sometimes, because this new trailer from Death Stranding gets weirder and weirder.
The Austronauts and the guys behind Bulletstorm announced a new title called Witchfire.
A Way Out looks incredible, but the director might want to relax a bit. (Even though his behaviour during the show was one of the highlights)
PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds showed off their new Desert Map, which hits the test servers today, and will arrive to the Xbox early 2018. The PC version gets the a full launch with 1.0 20, December.
The team behind Payday and Payday 2 announced a new title, and no it’s not Payday 3 but something completely different…GTFO.
Other minor announcements during The Game Awards 2017Thursday is looking like a bad day for the U.S. Dollar as the currency hits a 3-months low level. Also on the downside, the world’s favorite crypto – Bitcoin has lost about 15% of its value in the last trading session. On asset who’s performing better is Gold, which rose to 1-month high. in stocks, markets are mixed on a light holiday trading day. Here’s all you need to know for today.
1. Bitcoin selloff
The short-term recovery in bitcoin evaporated on Thursday after the South Korean government announced that it would take several steps to combat speculation in digital currency trading.
South Korea, where approximately 20% of bitcoin transactions take place, approved measures that include a ban on opening anonymous cryptocurrency accounts, along with new legislation to allow regulators to close virtual coin exchanges if needed.
“Cryptocurrency speculation has been irrationally overheated in Korea,” the government said in the statement. “The government can’t leave the abnormal situation of speculation any longer.”
On the Bitfinex exchange, Bitcoin was last trading down $2,257.00 or 14.37%, to $13,448.00 by 11:09 GMT.
The number one cryptocurrency is off nearly 30% since its all-time high of $19,891 on December 17, from is still on track for monthly gains of about 42% and has rallied more than 1,300% in 2017.
2. Dollar drops to 3-month low
The dollar remained under pressure on Thursday, dropping against major rivals for a third consecutive session in light holiday trade to hit its lowest level since the end of September.
Some observers suggested that the dollar weakness was primarily due to market participants taking money off the table after U.S. President Donald Trump officially signed the tax overhaul into law.
Of particular note, the euro also continued to scale positions against the greenback and was on track in 2017 for its best annual rally in 14 years.
The move lower came ahead of several economic reports stateside with market focus likely centered on weekly jobless claims at 13:30 GMT Thursday.
Also on the docket, markets will digest the November trade balance, wholesale inventories and the Chicago purchasing mangers’ index (PMI) for December.
At 11:09 GMT, the U.S. dollar index lost 0.24% at 92.44.
3. Gold prices hit 1-month high
The dollar weakness benefitted gold on Thursday with prices hitting a one-month high ahead of the day’s economic reports. A weaker greenback makes the precious metal more affordable for holders of foreign currency.
Comex gold futures rose 0.27% to $1,294.90 a troy ounce by 11:10 GMT Thursday, just off its intraday high of $1,296.10 which was its highest level since November 29.
Futures were on the rise for a third straight session and were on track for weakly gains of more than 1%.
4. Global stocks mixed in holiday trade
U.S. futures pointed to another day of slight gains ahead of economic data, but trading volumes remained near their lowest of the year in holiday trade.
European shares drifted lower in early deals on Thursday with company news and macro events scarce in holiday-thinned trading, while Britain's FTSE 100 hovered just under a record high.
Earlier, Asian shares showed mixed trade on Thursday but were generally hovering near a decade high. Japan’s Nikkei 225 closed down around 0.6%, while China’s Shanghai Composite rose by about the same amount.
Elsewhere, Oil prices registered slight gains on Friday after data from the American Petroleum Institute showed a 6 million drawdown in weekly crude stockpiles. That compared to forecast for a decline of 3.8 million barrels.
Market participants looked ahead to the official government data at 16:00 GMT Thursday, amid expectations for a draw of 3.97 million barrels.How do you pronounce Bath? If you’ve long daydreamed about visiting the exquisite English city of Bath, home to Roman mineral-water baths, graceful crescents and Palladian architecture, how about heading there phonetically-prepared? Bath is the perfect day-trip from London, so we’ve prepared a little primer for you on how to get there, what to see there — and the mysteries of pronouncing its plain-Jane name.
What on earth are we on about? Well, try saying the name of the place out aloud. Ready now: ‘Bath’… How did it sound when it left your lips? Most Americans are like people from northern England: they’ll pronounce it flatly and simply with one ‘a’ in the middle, just the way it’s spelt.
Nothing wrong with that, but Londoners are more likely to pronounce it with an ‘ah’ in the middle, to rhyme with ‘calf’; while people from the town itself and the rest of England’s West Country say it with an ‘aaa’ – to rhyme with, well, a sheep.
Rest assured, however you enunciate its name, words may fail you when you first look upon Bath. You can experience this Georgian gem on a leisurely but progressively jaw-dropping full-day coach-trip from London, having also seen Windsor Castle and Stonehenge along the way.
The symmetry of Bath accounts in part for its stunning beauty. Preservation counts as well. Bath is period-drama beautiful and the real deal: a UNESCO World Heritage Site of delightful crescents and adorable architecture. Upon arrival our guided walking tour takes you to Pulteney Bridge, as lovely as Florence’s Ponte Vecchio and similarly studded with little shops, then the sweeping Royal Crescent completed in 1775 – recognise it from the Keira Knightley movie The Duchess, among other Academy Award-winners?
The curving frontage of the Royal Crescent is one of Bath’s most famous sights, and a protected historic site.
You’ll find something familiar at the nearby Circus. This circular arrangement of townhouses is meant to recall prehistoric monuments like the one that took your breath away 30 miles back down the road. Stonehenge isn’t the only ancient history in Somerset, as you’ll find when you visit the city’s Roman Baths, built around natural hot springs 2,000 years ago. Once home to a great temple, it’s one of the best-preserved Roman ruins anywhere. Incredible antiquities are on display now, showcasing the objects Roman citizens threw into the sacred spring (including curses, inscribed on pewter!) and marvels of ancient engineering.
Bath’s warm, creamy stone and graceful lines give it both elegance and charm, two things not every city can pull off. The same can’t be said for the hot mineral water that drew people here for thousands of years. “Its very hot and tastes like the water that boyles eggs,” wrote Celia Fiennes in 1678. Obviously, you’ll still want to try it, for historic research purposes. Bath’s mineral water is available to taste at the west baths, part of The Roman Baths historic site, or from the traditional fountain in the Pump Room, the elegant Georgian space built to accommodate all the visitors flooding to Bath to take the waters.
Perhaps, though, it’s the Jane Austen Centre which will leave the most enchanting, enduring impression. Jane lived in Bath for a while and it’s the setting for two of her novels, Northanger Abbey and Persuasion. Situated in an original Georgian building, the Centre is a permanent exhibition with costumed ‘character’ guides, a waxwork of Jane herself and a Regency Tea-room specialising in light lunches, cakes and drinks and – wait for it – champagne afternoon tea. Which still leaves time for a spot of shopping before the smooth ride back to London.
A full-day excursion to Bath, Stonehenge and Windsor (whose sprawling castle has been occupied by successive monarchs for over 900 years) is part of the itinerary on several Virgin Vacations City Stay vacation packages, and often available to add onto your London vacation package.
It’s also available on several escorted Virgin Vacations tours of the United Kingdom. Book before you go to save time, money and hassle, and let the links below take you to the trip that suits you best. As Ms Austen herself might say, one would be intolerably stupid not to.Hobbit - new Treats coil.
I just purchased a new coil for my Honda Hobbit PA50II from Treats, which I knew up front that it would not fit exactly in the old location. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to mount the new coil either at the existing spot or a new spot on the moped. Thanks. Jack
You must log in before posting to this forum.Share your post with your fan club!
Flying into San Francisco tomorrow and driving to Napa. Looking for a quick lunch on the way. Any hot spots to eat at that won't take long (even counter service is okay).
Updated 17 days ago | 3
Updated 8 months ago | 3
Updated 1 year ago | 10
Updated 1 year ago | 3
Updated 7 months ago | 1Oh Jundai Kayahara, you sure are worried on not connecting to the internet and losing viewers, where Kurobe is in big crisis right now!
Also, Efidolg created a barrier surrounding the laboratory, which means that there’s no internet for Kayahara. You sure are an idiot, Jundai-kun!
Meanwhile, looks like Liu Shen Mi is safe but she’s joined by Tom Borden and Sophie Noël on mourning Toshiyuki “Sebastian” Mozuki’s death.
Yes, Sebastian was a brave man that he protected Sophie’s life. I’ll miss him so much!
Now then, let’s move onto the next scene where Koharu-chan tells Kennosuke, Muetta, and Yukina that the Shirahane residence has a special guest. I wonder who this guest is?
Oh wait, I have a feeling that this special guest would make Kennosuke made since he kidnapped Yukihime in the first place.
Then again, this masked demon assisted him and Yukina a few times already!
Anyways, Zeringer Mundef Bischlei is here at Yukina’s home as he tells about Takehito Shirahane and what happened to him. By the way, this is Zel’s face and he looks like an actual demon!
But let’s get onto it as Zeringer met Yukina’s father as he’s setting up a trap and prove that demons exists.
Of course, they would laugh at Takehito Shirahane’s claims as preposterous! I feel bad about Yukina’s father…
In any case, Takehito-san was surprised that a demon like Zeringer exists that he examined the masked demon.
But eventually, both Takehito Shirahane and Zeringer Mundef Bischlei became friends!
Oh yeah, and Zeringer talked about his home planet that was assimilated by Efidolg, as well as the impending conquest of Earth a few years from now.
And so, Zeringer told Takehito-san to warn about Efidolg’s invasion of Earth to his family and friends!
Sadly though, Takehito Shirahane didn’t deliver the message as he got caught in an accident and his body was frozen to death. Yeah, it’s confirmed now and that’s how Zeringer got his watch!
Even if Takehito managed to tell everyone about Zeringer’s warning, they won’t believe him at all until it was too late!
Speaking of Efidolg, Lefil and his fellow Frontier Officers of the Gezon-Reco Force are preparing to activate the hinge stones.
Yeah, this spells doom for the whole humanity if they completed the process!
Oh, and those who are near the hinge stones will be frozen solid. Looks like Efidolg are such cold-hearted people!
Meanwhile, Muetta ran off towards the forest as she’s confused on her true identity.
Come to think of it, I’m thinking Muetta came from a planet that was conquered by Efidolg.
By the way, Muetta isn’t alone as she’s accompanied by Yukina’s pet furret. Of course, Kennosuke and Yukina are worried about her!
Speaking of Yukina-chan, she and Kennosuke are currently searching for Muetta! Oh and to make matters worse, it’s snowing within the Kurobe area which poses a problem…
…like falling off a cliff as Yukina made a slip and fell down. It would be a downer if Yukina-chan fainted until her body is frozen!
Luckily though, Yukina’s pet furret managed to find her so that it can be relayed to Muetta.
What can I say, her furret is a life-saver and now Muetta is about to rescue Yukina Shirahane!
On the other hand, here’s Yukina’s dream sequence as she’s starting to regret about hating her own father.
But you know what, it’s already happened and the only thing she can do right now is to stop Efidolg!
In any case, Yukina-chan woke up where she realized that she’s inside a shack…
…completely naked with Muetta! Um girls, rubbing your own bodies to generate heat might be hot to watch, but it would be better if you make a bonfire.
On the other hand, Muetta is getting teary-eyed about her identity woes. While it won’t be addressed right away, I think Muetta will find out who she really is someday!
For now, Yukina-chan is there to comfort her. But then again, it’s already been addressed that both Yukina Shirahane and Muetta are descenedants to Princess Yukihime.
Oh look, it’s Kennosuke Tokisada Ouma as he finally found Muetta and Yukina-chan!
Then again, he won’t see them in the nude ’cause they’ve finished wearing their clothes. Of course, there’s no time to waste as they need to stop Efidolg from summoning its main forces!
Anyways, next week is a race against time to save Earth from being conquered by aliens!Working on ANZ-egate payment method for WP-E-commerce plugin (which is completed and here is the link to download).
Helpful resources:
-
- Looking at Paypal Express Checkout and Google Checkout merchant class
There are certain issues so i strongly discourage using this plugin right now. I am busy with something else at the moment so if you are a php developer you can try and extend this plugin to make it complete.
Current status: Live, doing good. Our group of professional security guards in Utah understands that security is all the time our first precedence. Security Directors are anticipated to own backgrounds just like these of CISOs with respect to their data of IT technique, enterprise architecture, and other security-related concepts. Security Engineers make a median salary of $86,996, according to PayScale’s 2015 estimates Those who enter the sector of knowledge security as Security Engineers can anticipate to make at the very least $fifty seven,000.
Individuals who are involved in changing into a Security Manager should be ready to create and execute safety methods based mostly on the enter from the Security Director and/or the CISO. The extra instruments and ideas with which a Security Engineer is familiar, the more they may help troubleshoot any issues with a corporation’s safety methods.
A Security Engineer is a mid-level worker who is accountable for building and sustaining the IT safety options of a company. Apply now and begin building your profession as knowledgeable security guard in Utah right now. According to PayScale , those on the decrease end of the spectrum make around $84,000, whereas the very best-paid Security Architects earn approximately $one hundred sixty,000. Chief Security Officers put together organizations to counter current and rising threats.
Security Rep: This staff member offers security related providers on company and satellite premises; providing help with private protection, traffic management, and emergency response companies. Employing that individual long-time period is in our greatest curiosity, and it is in the very best curiosity of our purchasers, who want acquainted faces, web site data and experience of their safety applications. They should additionally check and implement new safety instruments, lead security consciousness campaigns, and administer both department budgets and workers schedules. Our UK-vast network of places of work permits us to search out you probably the most appropriate everlasting or contract IT safety jobs anyplace within the nation. A Security Director is a senior-level worker whose job is to oversee the implementation of all IT security measures throughout a company. Security Directors’ median wage is variable, ranging from $104,775 to $116,245.
Application Security Managers are in command of guaranteeing that any purposes produced or utilized by their organization meet minimal requirements for security and privacy. Not solely that, however the discipline is anticipated to proceed to grow over the following few years, with the Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasting a 37 % increase in Information Security Analyst positions alone between 2012 and 2022.Pattern: Cassis shawlette by collete audrey
Yarn: Crystal Palace Yarns Panda Silk Solid in Spruce!
Pattern: Stacked Eyelet Cowl by Ami Madison
Yarn: Lana Grossa Cool Wool Merino Big Print (#811)Landstroms Black Hills Gold Mystic Fire Topaz Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace
Protection Plans
- $40$40
- $70$70
Select your options to see availability
Quantity
Landstroms Black Hills Gold Mystic Fire Topaz Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace
Product Description
- Metal Color: White
- Chain Length: 18 Inch
- Metal Type: Sterling Silver
- Stone Treatment: High Pressure/High Temperature
- Stone: Mystic Fire Topaz
- Stone Cut: Marquise
- Pendant Width: 6.9mm
- Pendant Length: 18.5mm
- Jewelry Closure: Spring Ring Clasp
- Included: 1 Necklace Chain(s), 1 Pendant(s)
- Stone Mm: 5 Mm Width, 10 Mm Length
-69035
“Despite having to make a compromise with the billboard’s owner, we're happy that it is up again, and that SPY is permitted to tell everyone that the Happy Lens™ will be arriving soon," says SPY Marketing Director Devon Howard. "We have several months to go leading into the Happy release, so we're hoping this board sticks around for longer than the last one did (a week)."
SPY's revolutionary new patent-pending lens technology--the Happy Lens™--harnesses the science behind light therapy. The censored billboard was the first nod toward the Happy Lens™ launch in February 2013.
What do you think of the new one? Go to, vote in the poll, and let your voice be heard!
In case you missed what all the noise was about watch this:.
For more information about SPY, log-on at,, Twitter @spyoptic and @spyoptic on Instagram.We’ve all seen them. We know they’ve got a secret, some kind of deep knowledge we lack. How else could they do it? How can the people who work with children every day somehow manage to keep twenty and thirty children behaving properly… when we can barely keep up with our own two children at home? What secret parenting techniques could we learn from them, and how do we get them to teach us?
This is just a sample schedule, that you can of course modify to your personality and the group. A parent’s day out program for home schooled children will allow kids to have one day a week where they socialize with other children, and can give the parents a much-needed break.
If you’re a Childcare Diploma like a dentist, pediatrician or any other professional that handles kids; then you should buy soft activity centers. They’re perfect for waiting rooms. Instead of filling your waiting room with magazines that only adults will enjoy, you should put these centers to make sure that the kids will have a fun and comfortable time waiting instead of being cranky. Being a child care courses, it’s in your best interest to make sure that the kids are not cranky. They should be having fun or at the very least, they should be comfortable. After all, they are your customers. You are helping mold the future of the kids and these centers can help you do that.
5) Find areas of your spending where you can make changes. When you understand where your money is going, you can consciously decide how to change your habits. Perhaps you go out to coffee, snacks, or meals every day. Can you bring something to the office a couple of days a week instead of going out? Where can you cut back your spending so you can pay off debt and invest, so you’re making your money work for you!
Susan from Goftstown,NH who works at The Growing Years daycare in Manchester,NH says that home care is good and a child can benefit from it by getting that special one on one time with his or her parent.She also states that a child can gain gross motor skills and social skills from daycare. Susan has worked in the Child Care Course field for 20 years and is a mother to 4 girls ages ranging from 10 to 27.
Finally check out the activities planned throughout the summer. Make sure the days are well balanced so the kids don’t have time to get bored. You usually have to commit to a certain period of time and you don’t want to hear “I’m bored” after only a week.
In any event there are lots of good things to remember when it comes to studying from home. If you are ready for a new career it could be the best way to get there.!
3 thoughts on “Exceedingly Great and Precious Promises!”
Reblogged this on StarSword.
I listened to an interview with one of Drake’s producers the other day (40) and he was talking about when he built his recording studio and giving a tour of it. He said something like “when I built this studio, I didn’t build it to make money – I built it to make history” – that statement really stuck with me.;..
LikeLiked by 1 person
WOAH! Amen! Let’s build it and make history, bro! What was the episode?Discussion:Set Up Port Forwarding on a Router
At 20:44, Sep 03, 2007
72.95.228.64 said:
I have a differnet modem than those and it made it harder to do all of that, try adding a westell Versalink 327W...thanks
At 06:57, Sep 28, 2008
Isabelishhh said:
i have a d-link router and have no idea wich the username and password are, can anyone please help me???
At 18:57, Apr 02, 2009
87.67.98.104 said:
i have a bbox router or a bbox2 router, and there is no such page as an portforwarding page. or anything that looks like it.. pleas help me
At 16:30, Apr 17, 2009
218.248.78.18 said:
i am using bsnl evdo usb modem how can i crack open port my down loader shows its blocked
I have done this lots of time in Vista on my WRT54GS but seems when I went to Windows 7, my WRT54GS will not SAVE the data, (ports/IP) I enter.
I SAVE it, do the CONTINUE but when i return to check what I entered, it is blank.
Does Windows 7 have anything to do with it? i use the Firefox to make the changes. Seems that IE does not like to logon to my router in Windows 7 either. Only Firefox works.
weird.
Of course, Linksys will not help unless you pay them $29.00 which is about how much the router is worth.
At 10:11, Apr 09, 2011
96.255.142.173 said:
Just 1 thing: Make a mac version
At 22:59, Jul 28, 2011
190.205.77.250 said:
Wow, your post makes mine look feblee. More power to you!
At 21:25, Oct 28, 2011
74.42.185.134 said:
when I put the ip into the adress bar it just come up this this error anyone know whats wrong?
At 10:27, Nov 05, 2011
114.79.57.3 said:
how can i do the first step ? i even dont know how to go to my router's web page...
At 14:29, Dec 11, 2011
81.184.218.201 said:
If I have two computers with two differnet copies of MW3, how can I play both copies at the same time without having problems? It's not possible to open the same port on two different IP addresses... Is there a command line switch or something to change the default inbound ports?
At 21:08, Apr 15, 2012
190.131.162.175 said:
my game still doesnot work its call of duty some times enters the server some times not! thats really anoying i did this with xbox live and call of duty in my options so i dont know what is the problem and most of the time it kicks me out! dont know if is my xbox or what is the only game i cant play online
At 02:04, Jun 28, 2012
68.150.243.91 said:
...im stuck on step one, do i put the start up admin user and password? or my router?
At 14:26, Aug 28, 2012
41.32.140.70 said:
I use a VNC to make it all easier. That way you don't have to get into all the complicated stuff. I personally use hushtunnel ( ) which is actually a VPN service that has VNC with it too. I would definitely recommend using something like this to make things easier for people.
At 05:13, Nov 26, 2012
113.19.128.130 said:
i am using cisco cable modem (2100) the router settings page wont open. i tried to open it with the default gateway
At 02:39, Jan 08, 2013
184.13.157.214 said:
Which IP address is used when a port is forwarded? They use the 100 digits in the IP space on the linksys router demo?
At 20:49, Feb 06, 2014
Chris Hadley said:
This might benefit from configuration instruction methods for common routers, and also what needs to be done for popular applications of port forwarding.
At 06:02, Feb 11, 2014
70.177.228.147 said:
You forgot to tell us exactly what we're trying to log into in step 2. At no point in this guide is it explained.
At 15:45, Jan 27, 2015
New Business Development said:
It would appear I have 2 NICs the WFI & the RJ45,{both connections appear to have activity (sent & received ) + the wifi is 144mbps and the LAN is 100 mbps}
So how do I configure the the WIFI to pick up router A (Netgear) if the RJ45 is connect to the router B(Cisco) . Assuming this is possible, how do I then configure the client software to pick up A or B ?? thanks in advance
Click here to go into edit mode and fix it up.In another multibillion-dollar deal, a US company has acquired a smaller European company in order to reduce its tax base. The so-called tax inversion deal has become one of the most prominent types of transaction in the recent M&A boom. The FT's Sujeet Indap is joined by M&A correspondent James Fontanella-Khan and policy correspondent Barney Jopson to discuss the growing US M&A trend, some of the biggest inversion deals and the potential for a policy crackdown under a new administration in 2017. Music by Red Thread.
iTunes Stitcher audioBoom SoundCloud Overcast RSSDescription
DESCRIPTION...True story: I hate cornbread. Really. I know that merely hearing the word “cornbread” has scores of other people fainting in ecstasy.
Do people faint in ecstasy?
Anyway. I’ve NEVER liked cornbread. It’s always so dry and crumbly and seems to require an entire glass and a half of water to choke it down. I’ve tried to like it, really. But anything that immediately sucks up my mouth juices and asphyxiates me with its corniness is generally not my thing. In fact, even hearing the word cornbread makes me want to cough and gag.
COOORNbread ::cough::cough::
COOOOOOOORNbread ::gag::gag::
See? You misfits always make Bad Mama Genny prove these things to you.
Anyway. When I saw this recipe for Custard-Filled Cornbread, I immediately dismissed it, after coughing and gagging for a little while. No way is the cornbread ::cough cough:: gonna trick me, I said to myself. No way is this tarted up little cornbread ::gag gag:: going to fool me into trying it so it can suck out my mouth juices and kill me with its corniness. Soooo not falling for that one.
And then I thought some more about custard, and how delicious it is. Custard doesn’t make me cough OR gag. In fact, custard makes me sit up and listen. Custard makes BMG go, “wow.”
And then I was all, what if this cornbread ::cough gag:: is different because of the custard ::wow!::? What if custard ::wow:: is enough to make me like cornbread ::gag gag::? Could I become a cornbread gag fan because of some simple custard wow?
I mean, wow.
Then I got a headache. All the coughing and gagging and wowing.
Then I decided to try the damn thing. And friends, it is fabulous.
And easy–the batter took all of five minutes to whip together, and the custard forms from a layer of cream that you pour on top right before baking.
Don’t get me wrong–I still hate cornbread :cough:. But this is not cornbread ::gag::. This is an effing cornCAKE, my friends. A cake that you drizzle maple syrup over and eat for four meals a day, as I’m proceeding to do. A cake that’s just as good with chili and cheese as it is with honey and cream as it is with maple syrup and banana slices. A cake that’s good hot or cold.
A cake that would never suck out your mouth juices.
Friends, I would never allow your mouth juices to be sucked out. I just don’t work that way.
Here is the recipe I used, which appears on the fab food blog, “First Look, Then Cook”. By the way, thanks to my distracted state while I was baking, we now know that this recipe is extremely forgiving, because I accidentally threw in an extra egg, used whole milk yogurt instead of cream, and clumsily splooshed in a little extra vinegar.
So go ahead and enjoy your regular old dry, mouth-juice sucking cornbread ::cough cough GAG GAG::. But then eat this custard WOW. And remember me, friends.
Eat this custard in memory of me.
<lightning bolt striking Bad Mama Genny, Bad Mama Genny smacking the shit out of the lightning bolt, lightning bolt running away with tail betwixt its legs while whining>
Say What, Misfit?APPROPRIATIONS
House panel rebukes Obama on clean energy, slashes DOE funding
House Republicans are proposing sharp cuts to clean energy and advanced research programs at the Department of Energy as part of an appropriations bill that would reduce spending on energy and water programs next year even below the levels required to meet sequestration targets.Garner, NC Lenscra Eye Associates Optometry PA
8821 Six Forks Rd, Raleigh, NC 27615
- (919) 870-0927
Fox Eye Care Group The Contact Lens Center
Crabtree Valley Mall, Raleigh, NC 27610
- (919) 825-1128
1. LensCrafters
I have a complicated prescription that seems to change often. I had been going to a small independent provider for about 21 years and now lived to f…
2. LensCrafters
Cary Towne CtrCary, NC 27511
3. LensCrafters
Do NOT go there! I recently purchased 2 pairs of glasses there. The sunglasses were made incorrectly. Plastic lenses were ordered, but polycarbonate…
4. LensCrafters
I've never bought anything from here, but I was shopping for glasses a few months ago and just didn't see ANYTHING appealing. I have a small face an…
5. LensCrafters
4351 The Circle At North Hills StRaleigh, NC 27609
From Business: At LensCrafters located at 4351-107 The Circle At North Hills St, we believe vision care is about far more than a pair of glasses or a prescription. Eyes are wind…
6. LensCrafters
5959 Triangle Town BlvdRaleigh, NC 27616
From Business: At LensCrafters located at 5959 Triangle Town Blvd, we believe vision care is about far more than a pair of glasses or a prescription. Eyes are windows to the wor…
7. LensCrafters
1025 Indian Camp RdSmithfield, NC 27577
8. LensCrafters
1025 Outlet Center DrSmithfield, NC 27577
9.,…
PREFERRED
10. eyecarecenter
From Business: At eyecarecenter, we believe in truly innovative vision care. Our eye doctors offer the most comprehensive eye exam on the market, also diagnosing and providing t…
PREFERRED
11. Professional Eye Associates Optometry PA
Don and Craig Bailey are excellent opticians. I have been using them for 25 years. I am very near-sighted and have significant astigmatism and so fi…
12. Eyedeals Optometry P.A.
EYEdeals Garner just relocated into a larger space. I have gone to Dr. Black since he opened in Garner. They are a wonderful business. Kind, caring,…
PREFERRED
13. Fox Eye Care Group The Contact Lens Center
Overall, the visit was very good. Although I had an appointment twice and on both occasions I still had to sit an extra 20-30 minutes waiting to be …
PREFERRED
14. Bigsby, David Dr
2843 Jones Franklin RdRaleigh, NC 27606
PREFERRED
15. Eye Institute Of North Carolina PC
Recently, my husband and I had cataract and laser eye surgery in both eyes (that's four surgeries). We both found Dr Lee to be very professional, th…
PREFERRED
16. Raleigh Eye Center PA
If you value your time, please don't go here. This business does not care a bit about how long you wait. They feel their time is more valuable tha…
PREFERRED
17. Ira S. Tucker OD and Associates, PLLC Dr
My previous neighborhood (which I still own property in) and current neighborhood are both managed by Talis. When I first bought in my current neigh…
18. CVS Pharmacy
The staff at this pharmacy is very, very rude. And they are not very efficient. I would go to another drug store before shopping at CVS.
19. MyEyes Optometry Dr. Alan Byrd & Associates OD PA
Avoid this place if at all possible! I got a Groupon for an eye exam and $100 credit towards glasses. While the exam itself wasn't bad, the follow-u…
20. Sears Optical
I went for an eye exam this morning, I haven't been in about 6 years mainly because I don't have insurance. I was so impressed with the Dr. Kimberly…
21. Eye Care Associates
7075 White Oak RdGarner, NC 27529
22. BJ's Optical
255 Shenstone LnGarner, NC 27529
23. Walmart - Vision Center
5141 Nc Highway 42 WGarner, NC 27529
24. Garner Family Eyecare
1003 Vandora Springs RdGarner, NC 27529
25. MyEyeDr.
7075 White Oak RdGarner, NC 27529
From Business: MyEyeDr. is your trusted community doctor providing the best in vision health care and the best selection of eyewear. We welcome all insurances.
26. MyEyeDr
1003 Vandora Springs RdGarner, NC 27529
From Business: MyEyeDr. is your trusted community doctor providing the best in vision health care and the best selection of eyewear. We welcome all insurances.
27. See NC Eye Care
133 Glen RdGarner, NC 27529
28. Insight Family & Pediatric Eye Care
501 Gateway Drive, Suite 102Clayton, NC 27520
29. Clayton Eye Clinic-Optometry
11391 Us 70 Business Hwy WClayton, NC 27520FLATBUSH — An 8-year-old boy died in a blaze in Flatbush early Saturday morning as a massive snowstorm whipped through the area.
Firefighters rushed to 2773 Bedford Ave., near Farragut Road, just before 3 a.m., where they encountered heavy fire on the first floor of the two-story building, the FDNY and witnesses reported.
"When I came outside I saw the place engulfed and someone was screaming inside — a lady was screaming," recounted Carl Barnes, 53, who said he's lived in the neighborhood since 1979.
"The fire trucks came. They pulled the lady out.... When she got outside she was kneeling on the ground, no shoes on, crying."
Sunita Armogan, 47, who lives across the street from the family's home, described a similarly harrowing scene.
"Everybody was screaming and confused," described Armogan, who said she took in four people from the house to keep them warm.
"I can't imagine a mother not knowing if her kids are safe. She was hysterical. She was telling the cops 'You bring me back to the house to find [my] kids.'"
When firefighters extinguished the blaze about a half hour later, the boy's body was found.
It was not clear if the boy died as a result of the fire, and the Medical Examiner will determine the cause of death, cops said.
A firefighter and another person suffered minor injuries and were taken to Long Island College Hospital.
"They're quiet people," said a longtime next-door neighbor, who gave only her first name, Natalie. "This is the quietest block. Nothing happens here. It's so surprising."
Police said the fire did not appear suspicious. The cause was under investigation, the FDNY said.However you feel about the outcome of the general election, the Conservative victory brings certainty and a clarity that has been welcomed by many in the industry.
Fears of days, if not weeks, of wrangling, leading to a plunge in the pound and damage to demand, did not materialise. Instead, David Cameron has returned with a Cabinet full of ministers the industry is accustomed to dealing with.
Of course, you could view this in two ways.
Either we’re stuck with the same old ministers who have failed to deal swiftly with concerns over airport capacity, taxation and financial protection. Or at least we have continuity at Westminster and don’t have to go back to square one, outlining our arguments to a sea of new faces.
Coincidentally, no sooner is there some stability in Whitehall, than it is all change near the top of Tui Group.News of the departure of Johan Lundgren was not a total surprise given he stopped being heir apparent to chief executive Peter Long at Tui Travel following the group’s merger with Tui AG in December.
Meanwhile, rising star dnata brought clarity to the management structure of its growing empire, while confirming that trade favourites Gold Medal and Travel 2 will be retained.
However, there will undoubtedly be some synergies brought in across the two brands.
So just as Tory MPs were awaiting Cameron’s call last weekend to see whether they had a job in his new Cabinet, many people well known to the trade will be hoping for Botterill to ring them in the coming weeks.
This is a community-moderated forum.
All post are the individual views of the respective commenter and are not the expressed views of Travel Weekly.
By posting your comments you agree to accept our Terms & Conditions.Cedar Bedroom Furniture Design
Jul 5th
Dream custom bed. Of cedar log bedroom furniture bsy900 request a great deals on the traditional cedar furniture eye catching cedar rapidsia yellow pages find huge savings up to their natural beauty each bedroom set from skilled workers. Bed frames armoires nightstands organic mattresses bedroom also known as possible. Furniture at papa bears northwoods store or design rugs pine outdoor furniture. Makes fine hardwood rustic furniture for the store great quality free from hoover fence co rustic southwestern bedroom furniture from most. And more information dimensions check product information dimensions check product information on ebay.Tags : cavas de vino, cedar bedroom furniture designThe Washington, D.C. area NCAA DII/DIII & NAIA college sports schedule for Saturday, January 28, 2017 with times EST & info subject to change.
men’s basketball
2 pm: Hood at Lebanon Valley
2 pm: Shenandoah at Randolph
3 pm: Queens NY at Dist. Columbia
3 pm: Gallaudet at Cazenovia
4 pm: Elizabeth City State at Bowie State
4 pm: Concord at Shepherd
4 pm: Juniata at Catholic
4 pm: Marymount at St. Mary’s MD
4 pm: Mary Washington at Salisbury
women’s basketball
1 pm: Queens NY at Dist. Columbia
1 pm: Gallaudet at Cazenovia
2 pm: Elizabeth City State at Bowie State
2 pm: Concord at Shepherd
2 pm: Juniata at Catholic
2 pm: Mary Washington at Lynchburg
2 pm: Shenandoah at Randolph
4 pm: Marymount at St. Mary’s MD
4 pm: Hood at Lebanon Valley
bowling
9 am: CIAA Event II
incl Bowie State at Raleigh, NC
swimming/diving
10 am: Catholic at Howard
1 pm: St. Mary’s MD at Salisbury
1 pm: York PA at Mary Washington
2 pm: Lebanon Valley at Hood
2 pm: Frostburg State at Marymount
track & field, indoor
9:30 am: Wesley Brown Invitational
incl Bowie State at Annapolis, MD
9:30 am: Patriot Games
incl Hood, Catholic, Mary Washington at Fairfax, VA
10 am: Spire Midwest Open
incl Shenandoah at Geneva, OH
men’s volleyball
12 pm: Mount St. Joseph at MarymountWe are in full force re-decorating mode over here but that’s certainly nothing new. This week we have been working on what is considered the dining room, which like hello, we have absolutely no use for a formal dining room. The only dinner parties we are hosting consist of mac & cheese and juices boxes am I right? We are turing the room into a homework/study room for the kids. We’ll have desks, maps, our family computer, open shelving for books, and other learn-y things. The room is right off the front of the house and the kitchen, a perfect place to put our family computer so I can keep an eye on my little buggers.
I also decided to tackle the laundry room this week because I dunno, I’m insane. The sitch with the laundry room is that we are going to totally gut it someday and turn it into a mudroom with lockers, because it is right off the back door coming from the garage. There is a huge walk in closet upstairs that we would like to transform into our laundry room. But because we are not millionaires, that will have to wait a few years. I thought I could just let the laundry room sit until then, whenever then may be, but it’s really just the worst. It’s yellow on the top half of the walls and it might possibly be the worst shade of yellow known to mankind. The bottom half of the walls are painted an awful tan color and are made out of.. wait for it….p l a s t i c wall sheeting, that is supposed to look like wood I think? I don’t even know really. I am not sure what it is, but its bad. I spend so much time in the laundry room that this week I just decided to start painting. Plus, I had plenty of free time as we stay-at-home moms do, double plus, painting is something I can do alone. There is something so rejuvenating and therapeutic about painting. Out with the old, in with the new. I am about halfway done with the walls and fake wood wall thingys, the light fixtures are changed (thanks Ralphy), and I’m going to cover the old plastic cabinets with some vintage floral wall paper. It is coming along quite nicely! I will definitely be sharing pictures when it’s all done.
Beyond that , this week has been rather movie like really. And by that I mean everything has gone wrong in an almost comical way. We are calling it “The Holzmann Show” because if we don’t laugh about it, I can guarantee you we are going to be crying about it, and that’s no fun. A few highlights of the production, for your viewing pleasure include, but are not limited to: A kitchen table leg falling off , causing the table to collapse and gracefully slide the warm meal that was about to be consumed right onto the hardwood. A chimney inspector makes a grand cameo to explain how a proper chimney and fireplace should be installed, and that ours was certainly NOT one of those, and if we ever want to use our fireplace again it will cost us the small price of 15 thousand smackeroonis. Special appearances from a teething 6 month old baby that only wants to be carried or nursing ALL DAY LONG, and sleeps a total of 3 hours a night, and a 3 year old boy who finds it hilarious to do the opposite of what his mother says. Let’s not forget a husband who is working days AND nights, so the days don’t feel like they ever really end… and the lead role played by a crazy lady who just wants 5 minutes to herself Alright alright, I’m done.
I like to think I am accustomed to the chaos of our family and that I can handle it pretty well, but honestly, I have my moments where I get really frustrated and want to scream. Sometimes I do. This week I did. Having a “big” family tests me in so many ways… I am not like the moms who can handle ALL OF THE THINGS (there are so many things) with eloquence and grace. I work really hard to try and enjoy this incredible life God has given to me, but I don’t always succeed. I am a total Martha that is always striving to be more of a Mary. Motherhood is the most incredible gift that God has given me, but it can be such a roller coaster and learning to adapt is challenging.
So on this cold, windy, day I am warming my toes by the fire (in our other fireplace), and drinking dark chocolate hot cocoa, watching the Packer game, mind you there is a baby on my lap, and 3 little boys running around playing tackle football in my living room, but still, feeling extra blessed.
<insert brilliant transition here> Speaking of warm fire, how about a warm snack from the crockpot? (there it is!), I have been using my crockpot like its my job lately. Like for real. At least 3 times a week our meal is a crockpot meal and it’s amazing. It makes me look like a super star with a hot meal ready for my boys at the end of a long day. Sometimes I don’t even tell Ralph I made it in the crockpot. I’m like “can you believe I had time to make these beef brisket sandwiches and mac and cheese bites, whist keeping the house spotless and mothering so effortlessly all day long?”, (all of that stuff really does happen every day) Anywho….this warm crab dip from Pinch of Yum totally rocks. You can make it in the crock pot, your house will smell amazing, and it’s gooey and super cheesey. Soul food. Also perfect game food. I am warming the leftovers up right now for Ralph and I. I served mine with tortilla chips, crackers and some extra cheese for sprinkling on top. No complaints.
- 1 jalapeno
- 1 red bell pepper
- 14 ounces canned or jarred artichoke hearts
- 8 ounces canned jumbo lump crab meat
- 2 tablespoons butter
- 2 tablespoons flour
- 1¼ cups milk
- ½ teaspoon salt
- ½ cup Gyurere cheese, shredded (or parmesan)
- 3 scallions, sliced
- 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
- Your favorite dipping chips
- Remove the seeds from the jalapeño and pepper. (wear gloves! I never learn...) Then chop.
- Saute peppers in a teaspoon of olive oil and set aside.
- Drain artichoke hearts and chop.
- Drain crab and chop.
- In your pepper pan (which is now empty because you set them aside), melt butter.
- Add flour and whisk until you get a paste. Let the mixture bubble for a minute.
- Slowly pour in milk and whisk.
- Let the sauce heat over low for a few minutes to thicken.
- Then pour sauce, salt, cheese, artichokes, crab, scallions , peppers, and lemon juice into a small crock pot.
- Let it heat all together on low for about an hour before serving.
- Sprinkle with extra cheese right before serving with chips or crackers.
Commercial, Retail - Shelby, NC
New Strip center on heavily traveled Hwy, 74 Bypass/East Dixon Blvd. in the East portion of Shelby, NC. Center is currently 100% rented. Citifinancial, Secure Finance, Navy Career Center, Sprint Wireless, and CosmoProf Beauty Supplies. Well constructed building.
Would you like more information regarding this property?
Please call (704) 482-2297.
Data Provided by Cleveland County Association of Realtors MLSMore Information for this listingI have been busy working away again this week. (Keeping up with my goals so far.) I started this notebook cover before Christmas. It was going to be a collage but ended up mainly as painting. This is made with paper towels with which I wiped up dye. I glued that down and then added oil paint sticks and then a bit of stamping after that was dry. This is the notebook where I am keeping all my design work for the Traveling Pages. I am currently working on designing for "Fairy Tales" for Ann. I have several sketches, now I just have to decide which one to use.
Here's a close up.
I embellished my last 'wrinkled' vessel.
I used a variety of yarns - these are attached at the ends and then wrapped.
Here's a close up.
And another. I'm thinking of submitting these to the "500 Felt Objects" book. What do you think? Good enough to get in? I'm kind of gun shy about entering things but I guess all they can say is "No" and there's no entry fee. I have to make sure the photos are the right size.
Here's the vessel I made today from the same resist that I used for the one above. Here it is after laying out and wetting down. As you can see, I've added the same yarns I used on the one above as inclusions in the felt.
Here is is drying. It has a sugar bowl in the bottom to keep it in shape. I used a sewn shibori technique to get the ridges in the sides. The threads are still in as it is drying. I'll take them out once it's dry. You can see the threads sticking out at the top.
Here's another view.
Here's a close up.
Here is some of the work I've been doing in my journal. I'm still working through the book "7 Keys to Great Painting" by Jane Hofstetter. The page on the right is value shape patterns that she recommends you use as the base of all your paintings. Therefore, you have planned ahead of time where your dark and light values will be. She uses them for all her paintings and has many to choose from to fit to each subject.
This is more about value shape patterns. The page on the left shows 6 different ones that always seem to work well. The page on the right shows how you can take a poor sketch and use different techniques to improve it.
More value shape patterns. I have really enjoyed this book and will be using her 7 keys to improve my work when I do a 2D piece. I think these will really help with machine embroidery pieces such as landscapes.
Here's some ideas for future felt pieces. I want to make some shapes based on "snow ghosts". We get these on top of the mountain and they are cool shapes.
My sketches for possible vessel shapes are on the left. These will all use the same resist but look very different. The questions on the right are from the 7 Keys book. You can click on any of these photos to enlarge them so you can see them better.
The other good thing that happened this week was that I sold two of my pieces at the store, Perpetual Poppies and Birch Grove. Woohoo!
8 comments:
You absolutely should submit it - it's fantastic!
Have a lovely weekend
Carolyn
You've been busy!
I think you should submit the piece. You never know unless you try.
Be brave, send off a photo! I'll keep my fingers crossed you get your lovely work accepted.
Thank you for the info as well on the art book, I shall have to look out for it.
its so good to see your processes. It amaes me how differently people work, how different techniques have evolved along the way.
I am so happy to have found you on blogspot! I'm a felter and I love your wrinkled vessels! That's what I love about felt - sculpture and dimension! I'm looking forward to seeing what you found in Richmond and to following youWorld Chess Hall of Fame Celebrates Chess Olympic Team with Historic Show.
EDITOR’S NOTE: Interviews with the Curator and tours of the exhibit are available upon request.
● Admission to exhibit is complimentary with a suggested donation of $5.
● WCHOF Hours: Monday, Tuesday and Saturday (10 a.m.–5 p.m.), Wednesday–Friday (10 a.m.–9 p.m.) and Sunday (noon–5 p.m.)., located at 4652 Maryland Avenue, is housed in an historic, 15,900 square-foot residence-turned-business.: #GlobalMovesChess
Jude Acers |
EVERY SINGLE HALL OF FAME MAJOR EVENT MUST HAVE A AN INTANTLY DOWNLOADABLE BROCHURE FOR THE WHOLE WORLD .. there are now 600 million estimated chess phone app users … do not hide this wondrous historical index with an article and then goodbye. This is ADMITTEDLY A St.Louis province ,true.. and legacy. Jude Acers/ New OrleansOverview
My Plan of Concentration is a cohesive exposition of the way in which Dostoevsky complicates suffering and the concept of the Other in his work. I open with a succinct paper on Eastern Orthodox Theology, which is intended not to question the foundation of suffering within Orthodoxy but rather familiarize myself and the reader of the differences in the perception of suffering found in the religion itself and the way in which Dostoevsky draws from and complicates aspects of his faith. My second paper is on The Idiot, the thesis of which is predicated on Sarah Young’s use of the term “scripting” and the way the creation of scripts influences and deters Myshkin’s ability to behave with active love to alleviate the suffering of the Other in the Petersburg social setting. My final paper is on The Brothers Karamazov and looks at the repetition of phrases and gestures in that book as they exemplify Dostoevsky’s views. Entitled “Suffering, Brotherhood, and Repetition in The Brothers Karamazov,” the paper explores Dostoevsky’s conception of brotherhood, which presents a Slavophilic and Orthodox-centered conception of equality and union.
Exerpts
To understand suffering in a Biblical perspective one must come to terms with the idea that one cannot use an intellectualized human system of morality and justice to judge God. As human - thus imperfect reflections of God and Christ - people must understand Him, and the extent that we cannot, to be beyond understanding. The Book of Job paints this image of God as unknowable in his actions in a cleverly set up dialogue between Job, his friends, and ultimately God. Job, the “perfect and upright” (Job 1.1) man, becomes the victim of God’s conversation with the devil. For the purpose of this paper I will look at the devil as serving a literary role, as a foil for God right now, his role as the accuser, the adversary, and functioning in a parallel fashion to the adversities faced in life.
Dostoevsky does not provide an explanation for suffering. Rather, he claims that suffering can be alleviated and accepted more readily through active love and participation in the brotherhood and unity of all the Russian people. Active love and brotherhood are hampered by our own nature as human beings. Father/son relations, so important in the novel, if absent, lead to great suffering. He deeply complicates this ideal form of living through his use of broken father/son relations and the insect-angel dichotomy found in the vacillations of Ivan and Dmitri.
As pointed out and disliked by Nabokov, the overuse and emphasis on the pathetic, of situations built upon pathos, creates an atmosphere in the novel where the break from those pathetic situations affects the reader far stronger and emphasizes the thematic thrust of the novel in a more direct fashion. This break from the pathetic into a movement of grace is evident through the repetition of bows in the novel, as some come in the form of the pathetic and others as a heartfelt union with the Other in brotherly love.
Reflections
Although I intended to study political philosophy at Marlboro, I took a course co-taught by Geraldine Pittman de Batlle and Tom Toleno titled “Dreams, Dickens, and Dostoevsky.” In that class I decided I wanted to work on Russian literature with Geraldine.
I have a few very studious anecdotes but I think the best experience I had in tutorial was at Geraldine’s house. The snow was just beginning to melt with spring, I was trying to edit my 78-page paper on The Brothers Karamazov while Louis played the piano in the background and Geraldine sat at the other table reading each new page as I handed it off to her.Symbolized by the popular four leaf clover, St. Patrick’s Day means a lot of things to different people. A religious holiday, a celebration of an ethnicity’s history in America, or a reason to party, there are many reasons to love March 17. We would like to add one more: St. Patrick’s Day is a great chance to review how B2B companies can successfully close the customer loop with inbound marketing.
How come we can do this? Why is the four leaf clover lucky – not only for the Irish, but for just about anyone involved in digital marketing?
Just like St. Patrick used the four leaf clover to teach about Catholicism, we use the four leaf clover to demonstrate what HubSpot calls the “Four Marketing Actions”. Complete these actions well, and you won’t even need the four leaf clover’s luck!
Lucky Clover Leaf 1: Attract
Driving qualified traffic (the types of people who are most likely to buy your product or subscribe to your service) to your brand’s digital properties is an essential component to digital marketing. Smart marketers know exactly what these types encompass; they create buyer personas or buyer profiles that include goals, challenges, and typical problems to which the brand’s offering is a solution, as well as general demographics that describe the ideal buyer. For B2Bs, this information includes job title and description, goals for that position, challenges that individuals face when trying to accomplish this goal, and reasons why that individual might turn to the brand as a solution.
Knowing what an ideal buyer needs – and needs to know – makes it much easier to build enticing attractions that will guide them to your brand. What are those attractions? Content. Blogs, social media accounts, landing pages, and optimized web pages are all great content pieces that will attract that qualified traffic.
Lucky Clover Leaf 2: Convert
Most B2Bs have a longer sales cycle. While expecting a first-time online visitor to make a purchase is a little unrealistic, you do want to make an initial interaction that you can follow up to move them closer to a purchase. Creating opportunities to collect visitors’ contact information – converting that traffic into leads – is crucial to facilitating this process. Usually, conversion is a give-and-take process; offering a visitor an exclusive gift, such as a promotion, or extensive content piece in exchange for their contact information is the best way to organically establish the initial conversion. How do you create these exchanges? Create compelling calls-to-action, contact forms, and email contact are all useful to converting.
Lucky Clover Leaf 3: Close
Compelling your leads to purchase your product or service is how brands make their profits; it’s easier to do so online when you have established an inbound marketing rapport with a lead, and you use certain tools and tactics to ensure that you’re speaking to each lead at the right time. Action-triggered automated emails, a lead-scoring process, and greater insight into a customer relationship management (CRM) system can all help you and your team create customers out of leads.
Lucky Clover Leaf 4: Delight
Here’s that lucky fourth leaf that takes a clover – or an inbound marketing strategy – and elevates it to something truly special. When that lead makes a purchase and becomes a customer, your job isn’t finished. In order to compel them to make repeat purchases, and to increase their lifetime value to your company, you should continue the process you’ve already begun with them: deliver unique, relevant content. Furthermore, strategies such as customized calls-to-action, social media, and email campaigns will keep then keep them informed and involved with your brand. This system will increase their trust and loyalty to your brand, and will make you a go-to solution for that customer.
Inbound marketing takes a lot of work: strategy – and sometimes a tiny bit of luck. And yet, at the end of the day, this is precisely what sets great brands and marketers apart. Keep that four leaf clover handy, and you’ll reap the benefits of a well-built inbound marketing strategy!
Need help with figuring out how to best apply the “four leaf clover” strategy to your brand? As a HubSpot Partner, inSegment is qualified in inbound digital marketing strategy and execution. Make your own luck and contact us today to get started down the right path!CARPET FLOOR MATS (SAND)
2007 - 2010 Tundra Double-Cab, CrewMax
$68.71
Normally:
$92.39
Custom-tailored for an exact fit, the carpet floor mats are constructed of high-grade plush nylon carpet, color matched to the vehicle's interior and include an embroidered Tundra logo. An aggressive underside no-slip backing features a "nib" texture and retention clip to help keep the mats in position. The mats protect the Tundra's original carpet from premature wear and stains. They're also removable and easy to clean.Cute Room in Central Amsterdam
>!
숙소규정Please do not put the thermostat too high ifNext post; I dont mean gifts. I mean in general. And then she said no more about it, she would never say any more to Peter Northrop about Davids generosity because the mink coat was a pebble in a pond compared to the fact that David gave her money every month for her daughter Joan, who lived with Lous parents in West Philadelphia, who thought Lous parents were her real parents, who thought Lou was her older, glamorous sister with a big New York career job. David gave her one hundred dollars a month, which Lous parents gratefully accepted, asking no questions. They imagined that she made a great deal more money than she actually did, because she told them that she did. They had fanciful and unrealistic notions about the salary level of a roving reporter and Lou let them hang on to those notions. Her father would be shocked if he ever found out that she was having an affair with a married man three years his senior, shocked and disbelieving.
Junior Seau Style Fashion & Looks 2015
Junior Seau Info Chart
Style Name Tiaina Baul “Junior” Seau, Jr
Style Birth; January 19, 1969
Style From; San Diego, California
Style Occupations; NFL Player
Style Relationship; Single
A-List; B-List
2015 Junior Seau, Junior Seau Hot, Junior Seau Workout Routine, Junior Seau Style, Junior Seau Styles, Junior Seau Style 2015, Junior Seau 2015 Styles, Junior Seau Look Book, Junior Seau Look Book 2015, Junior Seau 2015 Look Book, Junior Seau Dresses, Style of Junior Seau, Look Book of Junior Seau, Junior Seau Fashion, Junior Seau Looks, Junior Seau Looks 2015, 2015 Junior Seau Looks, 2015 Junior Seau Fashion, Junior Seau Fashion 2015, Junior Seau Hairstyles, Junior Seau Hairstyles 2015, junior seau, junior seau news, junior seau gossip, junior seau pictures, junior seau bio, junior seau video.''.
In one of the boldest moves yet, the Viet Nam National Coal and Mineral Industries Group (Vinacomin) has recommended the government add coal to the state monopoly commodity list so as to protect the limited natural resource, the Vietnam News agency reported recently.
According to the report, Vinacomin said that this move should be undertaken irrespective of whether another substitute to replace coal is found or not, as coal will always be the main source to ensure the nation's power.
If coal is among the state monopoly commodities, a new legal framework for managing the natural resource will be created that could help protect it, Vinacomin said.
The move follows discussions with foreign coal suppliers and the difficulties in the country to secure a long-term supply of coal in large quantities. These supply constraints come in face of the recently report by the Ministry of Industry and Trade that showed that Vietnam may face a major shortage of coal in the future.
While domestic coal production in 2010, 2015, 2020 and 2025 has been forecast at 47, 60, 70 and 80 million tonnes respectively, local demand in the coming years could grow to 37, 94, 184 and 308 million tonnes, the ministry estimated.
The country would therefore have to import large quantities of coal from 2010 to 2025.
Vinacomin estimates that the country will need 43 million tonnes of coal this year.
Indonesia is contemplating a similar step to lower its coal export volumes in order to maintain the domestic supply, although the idea was shot down before it even reached legislators for consideration.
But the outcome of the discussions that took place was that the state-owned power monopoly, PT Perusahaan Listrik Negara, was ordered to keep a 30-day coal reserve. There are also talks in the market that higher incentives may be offered to coal producers to sell domestically.
The reason is simple. As oil prices surge and coal prices follow suit (coal has risen by about 170% in the last 12 months), nationalism kicks in. Selling the commodities to other countries is viewed by more and more people as tantamount to selling the nation.
Indonesia is one of the world's largest coal-exporting countries. Last year, of its total production of 215 million tonnes, 163 million tonnes, or 76%, were sold overseas, leaving just 52 million tonnes for the domestic market.
Domestic coal demand is expected to reach 90 million tonnes by 2010, up 80% from current levels. Most of this demand is from the electricity generation industry, in line with the government's plan for coal to account for 30% of Indonesia's total energy mix by 2025.
Mongolia, for its part, has been undertaking a move to take control of ''national assets'' and with the former ruling party, Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP), winning the elections last week, the likelihood looks ever closer to reality.
Earlier this year, Mongolia's mining minister said that Parliament, then led by MPRP, had been expected to pass amendments to its mining laws and the impact of such a move would be substantial for both new and active players in the market.
Many mining companies see the proposal as an attempt at nationalisation, but the government insists there would be no retroactive takeovers and that the new law will in fact make the rules of the game clearer for everyone.
Bold Luvsanvandan, chairman of the Mineral Resources and Petroleum Authority of Mongolia, had said that under the new law, which could affect billions of dollars worth of investments, the government could hold a 51% stake in ''strategic'' mines as opposed to the current 34% maximum.
Multinational companies have complained of unfair treatment and their view is shared by independent organisations such as the Heritage Foundation and World Growth, although the government believes that ''strategic mines'' with billions of dollars worth of investments and that account for more than 5% of the gross domestic product of the country should be majority-owned by the government.
Now with the former government back in power, the policy will likely be re-tabled in Parliament to pass once again.
With such a vast number of countries now looking to implement ''domestic'' policies on much-treasured assets, the problems for Thai companies are likely to increase. Companies such as Banpu Plc, PTT Exploration and Production Plc and Lanna Resources Plc, which derive the bulk of their revenue from outside the country, are facing the risks of such backlash.
''Due to the current situation of extreme rises in fuel prices and limited resources, it is normal that each country has to review their energy policy, available resources, other related factors and issues and possible solutions to secure their energy supply. Many measures such as control of consumption and imports/exports, taxation, alternative fuels, etc. could be implemented depending on each country's condition,'' Banpu said in an e-mailed statement, adding that most of the measures had not been implemented but are just in various stages of discussions.
PTTEP, one of the largest Thai investors in Vietnam, says that it is not fearful of such moves as the company stood ready with a contingency plan in case things do go unexpectedly wrong.
''We have a risk-management system in place and have ways to control our exposure in any single country that we operate in,'' said Anon Sirisaengtaksin, the chief executive of PTTEP.Yesterday at 5:00, I was feeling frazzled and nowhere near on schedule with dinner. That's just about the time my neighbor showed up with dinner. She didn't ask if we needed anything, didn't ask if we liked what she was making, if it was ok if she dropped by with food. Nope. She just showed up, handed me the meal, and left. Left me standing on the porch with a hot casserole and mouth agape. That was the best dinner I've had in a long time.
This morning as I was cleaning toilets, the doorbell rang. This time it was a lady from church. I've spoken with her exactly three times. "Sorry to just drop in," she said, "but you've been on my mind." She handed me a bouquet of beautiful, bright yellow Spider Mums (a favorite of mine, but she didn't know that).
The blessings of strength and comfort I'm receiving can not be denied. I know people are praying for my family, and we can feel it. Thank you for your prayers, encouragement, and good vibes. Every bit is appreciated!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Last night Princie was reciting lines from the new Barbie and the 3 Musketeers movie. Things like "don't mess with the dress" and such. She was successful in her attempts at making us laugh. It wasn't over the top funny. Well to us it was, but you know how it is. Some things are only that funny to the people you share your home with. We were asking Princie to repeat this little "booty dance" (sorry Snarky Mama, but that's what it is) she was doing. When she tired of our requests, she flopped onto the floor with a big smile.
Princie: "Mommy, I'm pretty hilarious, huh?"
Me: "You sure are Princie."
Princie: "I mean really MamaMia, did you ever even dream you could have such a hilarious girl."
Me: "Actually, yes, you are exactly the girl I dreamed of."
Princie: "Oh that's good. I'm happy I made your hilarious dream come true."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have a confession to make. My profile picture is old. Like, oh, 20 pounds ago old. But, I leave it up to remind me of my goal...lose the 20 and be able to see my eyes when I'm smiling. As of now, my cheeks tend to cover my eyeballs when I smile.
I needed a new dress for Eight Year Old's baptism. I took Princie shopping with me. I tried on dress after dress with her narrating in the background. "That's a thumb's up," or "That's a thumb down," she'd say.
Me: "I don't know, I think this one makes me look a little chubby. See how my back bulges in the back?"
Princie: "What do you mean? Like where it's all squishy sticking out?"
Me: "*heavy sigh*---yes honey, that's what I mean."
Princie: "No, you aren't chubby. I think you are just only beautiful. You aren't fat either. Just beautiful."
Me: "Oh my goodness little peanut, thank you."
Hours later, at home, she comes into the living room crying hysterically.
Princie: "Mommy, this is so bad. So, so, so, so, so bad."
Me: "What's wrong baby?"
Princie: "I told a lie, and I know telling a lie is so, so, so, so bad. I'm sorry I told a lie."
Me: "Ok, well let's talk about it, and you can make it better. No worries."
Princie: "I lied when I told you that you aren't fat. You are actually (insert image of Princie squinting her eyes while pinching her thumb and index finger together) a little bit fat. I'm sorry I lied to you."
(Me to Myself---I'm just sorry Princie's decided to go all Honest Abe on me.)
Me: "Ok then, you said sorry, I forgive you for telling a lie. Now, how 'bout you bring Mommy
19 comments:
Oh you poor thing....the things that kids say! I'm so sorry. I'm gonna attempt at making you feel better by telling you 2 thing my 5 year old has recently said to me:
1) mommy, what are those "tiger scratches" on your forehead?" (those are wrinkles.... I made a botox appointment.
2) "mommy... I like your tummy.... it's squishy like the ocean". ( i will be pricing a tummy tuck as soon as the money tree blooms)
Great job church people! I love it when we love on one another!!!! Enjoy them loving on you. You deserve it!
Micah has been continuously calling me fat. I know it's different when you're pregnant, but I have to face reality very soon: the seven-pound baby will come out, and forty extra pounds will still be with me.
Why does this matter? Why?
And that last comment was from me. I always forget when I'm on Brad's computer.
I'm sorry, but that's one of the funniest stories I've heard in a long time! (I do, however, feel your pain...)When my oldest was about 6 I made the mistake of asking him if he thought I was getting fat and he looked right into my eyes and said "Yes." I kind of wanted to hug him real hard but restrained myself. In reality, the weight matters more to us than to everyone else. Hang in there - wish I could do more than send up prayers for you, but I'll do that faithfully.
Oh Nat... I love you!!! I wish you and that Little Miss Princie were here to help me eat that Reece's Pie Miss Jordie made the other night...
When I was young my favorite LDS commercial was "My Teacher Told me I should Never Tell A Lie" I found it on You Tube just for that glitter pants of yours!
Hope she enjoys it!!!
That is awesome. I love it!
And that Musketeers dvd has taken over our lives, too. All Jooj does is run around doing "'nastics" and fighting. And saying "Don't mess with the dress." Lovely.
O.K. Mental imaging necessary here..picture Charlie Brown running from Lucy.......
aaaaaaaaagggggggggggggghhhhhhhhh!
You MAKE ME SO MAD!!!! "See your eyeballs when you smile." Honestly, you make it sound as though we are going to have to take out a door frame or two for you to come outside!
Snarkettes: Snarky is sitting on a throne of lies! (Thank you Elf).
So, she is not at her "fighting weight" of maybe a what, size 2???
So, she thinks I have "distorted body image" issues...please.
Anyway...Princie is hilarious...Snarky is NOT fat and her picture looks just like she does to me. Nothing but beautiful...
And that is ALL I have to say on this one!
Well, one more thing...to those people who care...thanks...I pray everyday one of you touches their lives. Seriously...thank you!
Excellent!
Your mom makes me want to tell my mom about my blog - go SnarkyMama!
If only all our children truly knew how they make all our hilarious dreams come true.
Go spider mums.
ugh!!!! i sooooo know what you're talking about. when sean is not home to take brennan outside to run off those two hours i usually end up putting a movie on so i can make dinner enjoyably. whatever watching tv causes, i guarantee it's better than the result of a mother having to make dinner during the hours of 4-6 with a child that is not entertained by a movie or some other source of supervision outside.
p.s. sooooooooo have a love/hate relationship of the honesty of children. you're a champ snarky, a REAL champ!!! and i highly doubt you are in any way fat. however, if you're not feeling good about your body that is definitely motivation to get out there and make yourself feel good b/c that's the important part. it's not about the weight, remember??? a snarky minus 20 lbs is still the same snarky with the same brain and same thoughts. and oh how i love that brain and those thoughts!!!
Hey! Thanks so much for stopping in and leaving me a comment with such sweet words. I love this post. Glad to hear you have such sweet neighbors! Love you back! ~Lanie
Okay, so at least I know my prayers are working. ;)
Your Princie is so darling...and she's right...you are beautiful!!
Too funny:) Out of the mouth of babes. They never lie.
You have had two great angels come to you lately. How great is that?
Eat as many Reese's that you want.
My son is 15 yrs. old and he is homeschooling until January so I don't have that feeling that you are having:)
I am laughing out loud at Starbucks right now, and the other patrons are staring at me.
Thanks.
=D
Natalie, thank you so so much for sharing that with us. I know it must have felt pretty disheartening at first, but I have to be honest and tell you that I have never laughed so hard in the past 11 months. I needed that! It reminded me of some of the conversations I had with my girls when they were Princie's age. Cherish these moments.
Hahahaha....she is precious! And your not fat! You are beautiful! I thank you so much for stopping by my blog still, I know I never write there, I did today though ;)
I have a long way to go but I am getting there...one prayers at a time!
Love you very much!!!OXXOX J
How awesome of your neighbors...God is awesome!
And, going all honest on you; maybe I will tell my kids there are certain times when it is perfectly acceptable to lie.
So don't think that I am stalkerish...but I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to meet you and sit down and chat! You make me laugh. You make me cry. You are a "stranger" yet I love you!! :) LOL about the dress. My son loves to play with my tummy. He will mash it all up and talk in this weird voice using my belly button as the mouth. It is both horrendous and hilarious at the same time! I CAN'T get rid of it no matter how hard I try and hate pain too much to have a tummy tuck! Thank you for your post. You made my day!
Oh Natalie, I'm here amd I'm reading the book and I am so grateful for all the work you did to send me that package.
I think of you often and about went crazy not being able to thank you..
Thnak you.
xo LindsayWinter Rain Kindle Edition
Never miss a new release from Kendra Elliot
Follow Kendra Elliot
Sports Books
5.0 out of 5 stars
Is this feature helpful?
Thank you for your feedback.
Top customer reviews
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
August 19, 2017
Format: PaperbackVerified Purchase: Winter Rain.
There are 0 Comments | Get the conversation started.The original settlers in Puerto Vallarta resided on both sides of Rio
Cuale known as El Centro on the north side and Old Town or the Romantic
Zone on the south side. There are a few small condominium projects currently
under construction in the Romantic Zone area but virtually no residential
communities. Located above El Centro is Gringo Gulch, the very first neighborhood
to be built in the 1960’s after the filming of “Night of the
Iguana”. In fact, Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor had their
famous hideaways in this neighborhood overlooking the Guadalupe Church
and the downtown Malecon or beachfront walkway. There is virtually no
land available in this area, however there are opportunities to restore
and upgrade existing homes in Gringo Gulch. All lots in this area are
small and therefore the houses have been built up as opposed to out, i.e.,
there are plenty of steps in every house and the streets are narrow and
rough. However, if you’re interested in seeing and hearing everything
going on in town, Gringo Gulch is for you.
There are no condos worth mentioning in the El Centro area as it is now
100% commercialized, however there are a few minor projects and a single
major new condominium project under construction in Old Town, located
near the Rio Cuale, on the last available piece of prime waterfront property.
This project called Residencias Molino de Agua will include 110 luxurious
and spacious condos on Los Muertos Beach, where there is plenty of action.
With the Malecon just outside the condo complex, everything is within
walking distance. These three bedroom, three bath luxury waterfront condos
in the Romantic Zone will sell for close to a million dollars each.
In summarizing, for the most part, there really is nothing of significant
interest in the way of residential property in either the Romantic Zone
or El Centro to the majority of baby boomers considering retirement in
the Vallarta area.
Statement | Testimonials | Areas Served |
Articles | PV Links |Dulce de Leche Chocolate Chip Ice Cream is the perfect summer treat. 3 ingredients and 5 minutes is all it takes to make this no churn frozen dessert!
My sister and her boyfriend visited us two weeks ago. Now he loves desserts so I wanted to make something he would truly enjoy. I was considering baking for a second but then I decided against. Too hot! The weather was way too hot for baking.
So I made no bake chocolate biscuit cake and Dulce de Leche chocolate chip ice cream instead.
I love Dulce de Leche! This thick and creamy caramel sauce can be used for anything really: a cake filling, cupcake frosting, mousse… No matter where you use it, you will be in for a treat!
Take this Dulce de Leche chocolate chip ice cream. I added thick caramel sauce to whipped cream, mixed and stirred in chocolate chips for some crunchiness. Guys, it literally took 5 minutes to make. You only need a mixer and an air-tight container! Plus a bowl where you mix everything together. That is it!
This ice cream is creamy, rich in flavor and has a nice crunch to it. You can eat it shortly after you have taken it from the freezer which is great, isn’t it? Because who wants to wait for an ice cream to thaw first before scooping it out from the container?
Not me! In fact, I am not a patient person so waiting for something always drives me super crazy! You know how it is: I want it and I want it now! By the way, I prefer eating this caramel chocolate chip ice cream with a spoon rather than licking it on a cone. What about you guys? Are you a cone or spoon person?
By the way, you can add more (or less) chocolate chips and the same goes for Dulce de Leche. The latter can also be substituted with caramel.
Dulce de Leche Chocolate Chip Ice Cream is the perfect summer treat. 3 ingredients and 5 minutes is all it takes to make this no churn frozen dessert!
- 1 Cup Heavy Cream
- ½ Cup Dulce de Leche
- ¼ Cup Chocolate Chips
- In a bowl, whip heavy cream. Add Dulce de Leche and mix until smooth.
- Stir in chocolate chips and pour into a 17 oz container.
- Cover with lid and freeze until set (5+ hours, best overnight).
- Enjoy!
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:
Fresh Mint and Pistachio Ice Cream
No Churn Chocolate Cherry Ice Cream
TQ4135 : Horse above Brambletye
taken 8 years ago, near to Forest Row, East Sussex, Great Britain
Horse above Brambletye
Down below is the long-ruined Brambletye House. Viewed from a Forest Way branch path that follows the crest of a rather deep cutting rather than keeping in the bottom.
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- TQ4135, 119 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Robin Webster (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 17 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Sunday, 17 January, 2010
- Category
- Animals > Horses (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 417 355 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:6.0995N 0:1.3482E
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 415<<- Join over 1.2 million students every month
- Accelerate your learning by 29%
- Unlimited access from just £6.99 per month
- Level: AS and A Level
- Subject: Healthcare
- Word count: 1619
The purpose of this assignment is to choose a client who is at risk of malnutrition, by identifying why the client was at risk and how this risk was identified clinically
Extracts from this document...
Introduction
The purpose of this assignment is to choose a client who is at risk of malnutrition, by identifying why the client was at risk and how this risk was identified clinically. The nutritional tool used to assess the client will be identified, discussed, and explored in-depth. Reasons why the client became at risk will be explained, as well as how the risk was dealt with, managed, and the actions taken to control the risk. An explanation of how this was documented will be explained, and the reasons why it is important to have good nutrition in healthcare will also be discussed. The five step model of the Health and Safety Executive 1998 will be included throughout this assignment. Mrs Watson is 69 years old, when she came to the nursing home to live, the following had to be identified and recorded in the first twenty four hours of arrival as part of the nursing assessment. On admission the nutritional assessment form has to be completed,the form asks for the clients weight which was 43kg her height was 5ft on the BMI scoring sheet Mrs Watson scored 19 given 1 on the Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool chart putting her in the at risk of malnutrition group. ...read more.
Middle
Clients with learning disabilities have greater health needs and are dependent on the carer to maintain their nutritional and fluid needs (Rodwell, S. et al., 2006). Appendix 1 shows the nutritional assessment form which was filled in during the assessment of the client, the form says that if the client responds yes to any of the questions on the form then the Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool (Must) needs to be included. 'Must' is a screening tool with five steps which identify malnourished adults or adults at risk of malnutrition; it contains guidelines to be used for the development of a care plan. 'Must' tool is a reliable practical way for assessing clients at risk as it is quick to identify clients at risk of being malnourished or a risk to malnutrition. It gathers nutritional measurements such as height, weight, and recent weight loss. It determines which group the patient is at risk and so forms an appropriate care plan. The 5 steps of the 'Must' tool Appendix 2, p.8; begins with steps 1-3 which take 3 measurements and score them against the scale provided. Body mass index, weight loss, acute disease effect. Step 4 is when the scores are added up to see if the client is at risk of being malnourished. ...read more.
Conclusion
They can decrease appetite and interfere with the absorption of nutrients. Dorner, D., (1997) tells us that malnutrition increases the risk of chest infection and immobility increases the risk of constipation, which can lead to a poor appetite, urinary retention and an increased chance of getting a urine infection. Malnutrition inhibits mobility and delays recovery; muscle loss can lead to reduced respiratory function. Malnutrition can cause exhaustion, poor mobility, poor appetite, and depression. Providing a nutritious diet will help the client have improved health. Dzik-jurasz., (2007) p21 explains that "as long ago as 1860, Florence Nightingale identified the importance of good food for people's recovery from illness." In conclusion it seems all modern research supports, and highlights the fact that people who don't get the right food and hydration tend to stay in hospital longer, and experience more complications such as hospital acquired infections and pressure sores. Nurses do not have the time to help clients at mealtimes, although nutrition should be treated as a priority it is not always possible to be in two places at once, usually more than one client needs help to be fed, but sometimes there is not enough staff . It is important for the client to feel comfortable in there environment, they should never feel rushed. Assistance should be available when needed, and it is important that the staff communicate well, and have training in nutrition.Mercedes-Benz Actros MP1 v2.5
- Its
- 2016-03-29 10:40
- 2016-03-30 12:13
Author: Olexiy Іlkіv, Phantom94, adaptation vovangt4ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller wins 'Middle East Consultancy of the Year' at Gold Standard Awards
- Sunil John is first PR professional from Middle East to receive prestigious award
- ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller also nominated for four awards at industry awards event in London on May 20th
Sunil John, founder and CEO of ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller, the region’s leading public relations consultancy, has been awarded the “SABRE Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement”, the first person from the Middle East to be honoured with this prestigious global award.
The SABRE Awards, which are presented by The Holmes Group, a leading global public relations publishing organisation, acknowledged John’s position at the “forefront of change” in helping to move the region’s PR industry “beyond product publicity and special events to encompass the full range of corporate reputation management and branding functions, digital and social media, and more”.
“Sunil John is a prime example of pioneering leadership that has not only helped ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller to become the leading WPP PR consultancy in the region, but also has taken the PR sector to new heights. This award is testament to all of the hard work that he and his team have done.
John is also the driving force behind the thought leadership platform, the annual ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller Arab Youth Survey, which is now in its sixth edition. Much before the events of the Arab Spring, the Arab Youth Survey sought to gauge the sentiments of the region’s youth, and their overwhelming desire for better jobs and personal dignity, and their views on democracy.
As part of the horizontal expansion of the ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller offering, the agency recently launched the firm’s research associate, PSB Middle East. The firm, which has been providing research-based advice for winning political, corporate and marketing campaigns for over 30 years, conducts the field research and analysis of the annual ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller Arab Youth Survey.John is the only PR professional in the Top 20 rankings of the Arabian Business Indian Power List 2012 and 2013. He also chaired the 20th Public Relations World Congress held in Dubai in March 2012, attended by 500 delegates from 28 countries.2016 Vauxhall Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex review
The Vauxhall Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex is the most efficient version of the company's Ford Focus rival. Is it the best?
Need a valuation?
Obtain a FREE used car valuation for any vehicle.
The Vauxhall Astra is no stranger to the affordable family hatchback market. Over 36 years it's been one of the most popular cars on our roads, and now in its seventh generation, this latest model is one of the best yet.
We've already driven most of the engines, but this is our first chance to try the 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex. It's the most efficient in the range, promising 85.6mpg and pumping out 88g/km if you stick with the standard 16in wheels. That should mean cheap fuel costs but, perhaps even more importantly, cheap tax bills for company car drivers.
This frugal Astra has a lot going for it on paper, then, but does it work as an overall package?
What’s the 2016 Vauxhall Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex like to drive?
The new Astra is much better to drive than its predecessor. It’s a lot lighter, and this helps make it noticeably more agile through the corners. However, the steering lets the car down a bit, because it doesn’t offer much feedback and ultimately means the Astra isn’t quite as good to drive as some of its rivals, including the Golf and Focus.
The low speed ride can be a bit unsettled over rough surfaces, but when it’s up to speed the Astra it feels stable and planted – and it's fairly hushed too. Some wind noise creeps into the interior at speed and the engine sends a few vibrations through the pedals, but otherwise the Astra is a peaceful cruiser.
As for the engine, it provides decent performance compared with similarly powerful rivals, including as the Renault Mégane 1.5 dCi 110. It comes with a slightly longer gearing than other Astras to help fuel economy, and this also keeps the revs low at motorway speeds. It does mean you need to work through the gears a bit more to get the best performance out of the car at slower speeds, but at least the six-speed gearbox is light and slick. Meanwhile, the engine only gets noisy if you rev it really hard.
The return for a bit more work shifting through the gears is very good fuel economy. In our real-world True MPG tests, it average 56.3mpg, which admittedly is well down on its claimed 85.6mpg, but it’s better than every rivals we've tested.
Our test car was fitted with optional 17in alloys, which raise CO2 emissions from 88g/km to 91g/km, but the former is still low enough to quality for the cheapest band of company car tax available to diesel-powered cars.
What’s the 2016 Vauxhall Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex like inside?
Thanks to some clever work in the design of the seventh-generation Astra, it’s smaller on the outside than its predecessor but roomier on the inside. In fact, it’s one of the most practical cars in this class. Rear passengers get almost as much leg and head room as in the class-leading Skoda Octavia, and boot space is decent, too. True, the Skoda Octavia has a much bigger boot, but the Astra’s is a useful size and will fit in more than more a VW Golf’s.
Like all Astras, the 1.6 CDTi 110 comes with a 7.0in touchscreen infotainment system. It might not be the most intuitive unit to use – the one in the VW Golf and Seat Leon are a bit easier – but if you go for our preferred Tech Line trim you get plenty of gadgets, including sat-nav, Bluetooth and a DAB radio.
The Astra also has plenty of safety equipment and was awarded a five-star safety rating from Euro NCAP. There's also a feature called Vauxhall calls Onstar, which gives you 24-hour access to a call centre that can input sat-nav destinations and provide vehicle diagnostics or help out in emergencies. This comes as standard on SRi trim and above and is a £395 option on cheaper trims.
Should I buy one?
This will be the best-selling diesel engine in the Vauxhall Astra line-up, and it isn't hard to see why. With its blend of good performance and great fuel economy, this is a car that’s easy to live with and should prove cheap to run. And it's priced lower than its key rivals, too.
Some rivals are better to drive, and private buyers might want to take a look at one of the turbocharged 1.4-litre petrol engines for a bit more poke. But if you’re a company car driver looking for plenty of space and maximum value for money, the Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex has an awful lot going for it. Especially in Tech Line trim.
What Car? says…
For all the latest reviews, advice and new car deals, sign up to the What Car? newsletter here
Rivals
Vauxhall Astra 1.6 CDTi 110 Ecoflex
Engine size 1.6-litre diesel
Price from £17,645
Power 109bhp
Torque 221lb ft
0-62mph 10.2 seconds
Top speed 124mph
Fuel economy (official combined) 85.6mpg
CO2/BIK band 88g/km/18%Need Help? Call us at (855) 534-5700
Seodude.net is the Best SEO Company on the internet. Seeded.net is here to help you grow your business and earn more money today! We do not take short cuts and we always give our clients top priority.
Yes you read it right, Seodude.net is not only the best seo company but also an Affordable SEO service to save you money and make your company blow up with new clients. Call today to find out how we can help you with your seo efforts.
- ytMonday, February 24, 2014 at 12:06 pmnice
- usherMonday, April 25, 2011 at 12:21 pmcool
- aimierWednesday, December 15, 2010 at 11:57 amcool igpeutru
- Cooking master!Tuesday, May 11, 2010 at 4:53 pmIf he was just was a chef....
- Cooking master!Tuesday, May 11, 2010 at 4:52 pmLOL COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
- justin beiberTuesday, May 11, 2010 at 7:33 amthats cool
- joey5Friday, May 7, 2010 at 5:24 ami saw that guy on tv.
- kimiMonday, April 26, 2010 at 2:59 pmthis is so good I love it
- bluckSunday, April 25, 2010 at 6:46 amthat is awesome!
- sdfxcgvbhThursday, April 22, 2010 at 7:19 pmhes...The Summary of the findings of the Apostolic Visitation in Ireland, published herewith, offersraganeous Bishops and yielded sufficient information to provide an adequate picture of the situation of the Church in Ireland, such as to obviate the need to extend the Visitation to the suffraganeous.
18 comments:
Yes, we know some signs of the Irish crisis date from before the Council - but have you, dear readers, ever noticed that, when the news is seen as "positive", we can't hear enough of "the Council", its innovations, its great improvements; yet, when the news is seen as "negative" (such as these findings), it seems that the Council and the post-conciliar experiment never took place?
What a remarkable coincidence. The elephant in the room, and how it and its "spirit" affected the Church in Ireland, go unmentioned.
History is written by the winners, but the "meek will inherit the earth" don't you worry.
“ It may almost be said, "Before Alamein we never had a victory. After Alamein we never had a defeat." ”
—Winston Churchill.
"It should be borne in mind that the Visitation was pastoral in nature" - and right there is the key to understanding why nothing will come of it. At a time when a good spring cleaning is needed in seminaries, Churches and Religious institutes; instead of a good Apostolic Visitation with intent to overhaul everything we get instead the weakness and sycophantic, feminist apologies that has over and over again failed to do any good because it means absolutely nothing and shows the authorities to be weak and unable to do their jobs with any kind of belief in that authority.
This document was filled the with same "Spirit of Vatican II" nonsense that has become so tiresome. It's unfailing. Words like "self reflection" and all those catch-phrases need to be completely removed from Catholicism forever. What Ireland needs is not self-reflection - which is just leftist mumbo-jumbo for a new-age brainstorming session of how to excuse the latest heresy or evil (which is only expected, since self-reflection is aimed inwards rather than towards Christ). It needs a swift, immediate, and strong injection of Christ and His Church in all it's glory. Give them a few FSSP parishes. Send in some traditional orders to give missions, build monasteries. Appoint a hardline Bishop. Watch Ireland change. [Easy for me to say!]
On a brighter note: there is a lot, too, that has come to light in this document that needed to be. I think some good will come of this, but it all depends on implementation. The sorry state of affairs in Ireland means that weak documents with mere 'pastoral recommendations' will be ignored and twisted for whatever ends the liberals see fit.
It's not rocket science. You don't give a naughty child 'options' and 'self reflection' time. You give them discipline, stern warnings, concrete plans, strong rebukes and tell them to pull up their socks 'or else'. Try as they might, the Pastoral approach doesn't work.
This bloated nonsense is nothing more than a whitewash and goes nowhere near addressing, or even highlighting, the cancers that are progressively killing the Irish Church. The Apostolic Visitation has clearly been a waste of time. What a disgrace!
If you think this was a waste of time, wait till the findings of the Apostolic Visitation of the houses of Women Religious in America are made public...
Tom, I'm not so sure that would have the success you envisage. I think things have gone way too far at this stage. After all there are several parishes in Ireland offering the Old Mass. Some of them are well attended but it's not like any of them are overflowing, is it?
It might be said that in fairness to the Apostolic Visitation team their failed attempt at seeing the problem reflects to a certain extent the failure of 'conservative' (for lack of a better word) and traditionalist Catholics in Ireland to articulate our own analysis of the problems in the Irish Church, leaving liberals and secularists free to present their own narrative as unquestioned dogma. (According to this version 'clericalism' and excessive regard for orthodoxy are to blame for all the woes of Irish Catholicism.)
There is of course one exception to this and not a pleasant one. (The fact that he's a former student of the Pope means he gets more attention among orthodox Catholics than he really deserves.) Incidentally this happens to be why we hear so much about the 'need' for wholesale amalgamation of Irish dioceses - which is just a stupid idea that has been uncritically appropriated across the ecclesiastical spectrum and is distracting attention from the real problems.
See this (if you can stomach it) for a frightening example of the blind alley that so many 'conservative' Catholics are being led down and why I have so little hope for the future..
That ought to take care of things.
"Among the pastoral priorities that have emerged most strongly is the need for deeper formation in the content of the faith for young people and adults;"
IOW, my generation have deserted the faith in droves. Sorry guys, but the damage is done. You've lost 'em and you aren't going to get them back.
Whoever decided that Cormac Murphy O'Connor was to play a role in this Visitation was obviously resigned from the beginning to the fact that the fruits of this venture would be rotten. The man has always wrecked everything he ever touched. The Irish College in Rome is still a hive of decadence and perversion.
This document is reasonable enough in its essentials but it seems that yet again the Pope has forgotten he is Pope. He is the vicar of Christ, Gods representative on earth! And rather than carrying out a proper investigation with full powers to punish those guilty of any crimes and implement the necessary plan of reform he has performed a 'pastoral visitation' that spends more time apologising for treading on the toes of bishops (whose failings caused this whole scandal) and making 'proposals'. Proposals?! Proposals?! The Church has had enough proposals and such nonsense since V2 as Tom rightly says what we need is ACTION, like for example deposing the hierarchy in Ireland wholesale, assuming direct control of the seminaries and expelling those unfit to become priests.
This entire sordid affair is a result of poor formation, priests and religious forgetting what their vocation is and superiors not acting like superiors. In short it is in a way a fulfillment of what St Joseph Cafasso said would happen if priestly formation was negelected.
The report is poor response to the issues involved. Prior to the Visitation in the seminary. I was given an Instrumentum Laboris. Very little of the questions contained therein, which I answered honestly and frankly were addressed in the report.With regard to the amalgamation of dioceses I agree with Shane. It is a media fuelled campaign that if carried out becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy on the part of the media. Its intellectual basis is to be found in a book entitled 'The END of Irish Catholicism', it was offered as a suggestion - before any of the recent fall out from reports. We need to ask ourselves what renewal will come if the liberal agenda is given free reign to dictate any change, let alone structural change - which must come from above, from Rome. However, more than just a heretical pastoralism has hit a Neo-Con fever has gripped Ireland, as it did America leading to a laxity and quasi-pontiff worship. This type of ultramontanism is not the type of ultramontanism that is required for Ireland. Many Irish Catholics have been looking to Rome for the past two years - I will continue to look to the Holy Father, to his guidance and not to any delegation - even if purporting to act in his name. Loyalty will be our harness in these windy days.
Another name for 'self reflection' is navel-gazing.
I do not despair. There should be no room for despair where there is faith in Christ. I myself did not expect much from this visitation. Still this is the summary. The full report has gone to the Holy Father. Much of the criticism (if there is any) may very well be communicated in private. The Church does not wash her linen in public.
The idea about amalgamating dioceses does not come from the media but from Rome - hence we have Irish clergy with strong Roman links talking about it. Rome has about 160 dioceses to fill - many vacant for a number of years and that's just the ones since 2000. Check out if you don't believe me. Some of these are Irish (Limerick, Derry, Kildare and Loughlin etc.,) and the Church is short of trustworthy candidates. In addition some of our dioceses (perhaps many European dioceses as well) are way smaller than those elsewhere in the world. It can makes sense for Rome to start pruning the tree.
I recommend a reading of von Hildebrand's 'Trojan Horse in the City of God' with its excellent analysis and critique both of progressivism and false conservatism within the Church. Those who are orthodox can only work to renew the Church when we truly understand our enemy.
Br. Tom, the reason Rome is making those noses is because an Irish theologian and former student of the Pope proposed the idea (in that disgraceful book Seminarian refers to) as if it were a solution to the problem. They are simply mindlessly latching on to it.
Small dioceses are superior (at least in theory) to larger ones. They facilitate greater pastoral care (which has never been needed more than now) and allow bishops to exert greater supervision over his diocese (the lack of which clearly contributed to the negligent handling of abuse in the first place). They also make the bishop less remote from the lives and needs of his parishioners and could potentially be very useful in re-evangelization. The size of Irish dioceses is still considerably larger than in many other countries, such as Italy (where over a hundred dioceses were amalgamated in the 1980s, with no noticeable benefit --- Italian Catholicism has declined significantly since then). The theologian in question takes Germany as his model, but this is rather dubious given that its huge dioceses are exceptional and date to the missionary provinces of late antiquity. Futhermore the size of Germany's dioceses has not prevented the revelations of abuse that have been flooding out of that country for the last two years. Indeed a far stronger argument could be made for decoupling already amalgamated dioceses.
I would regard the plan for wholesale amalgation of Irish dioceses as nothing short of institutional suicide. I suspect historians in future will see it as inaugurating the very death of Irish Catholicism.
I have to say I am both frightened and horrified that the theologian who proposed it seems to wield so much influence and is taken seriously by so many. I cannot understand this at all and I think it is a very sad reflection of how far the Irish Church has fallen in the last 50 years.
lol..."making those noses" should be "making those noises" of course.
Shane - I agree on the benefits of small dioceses but as to where the idea actually came from one would need to be an insider to know. It might've begun with our friend in Maynooth or he might be floating an idea already circulating in Rome. After all, as you point out, Italy has had dioceses amalgamate without any benefit to the Church. I too see no real benefit to the local Church in amalgamating dioceses. Though a religious I work for and in the Archdiocese of Dublin and I've never met the Archbishop and know only a handful of the clergy. It could be argued that Dublin should be split into two but then again who is going to service the parishes? Where are the clergy? In my community I am the only one under 65!
I wouldn't want to be in the position of the Pope or the curia when it comes to trying to find replacement bishops. Even quite orthodox men can be committed to principles that, once linked to the power to make a difference, can be quite destructive. Religious orders at least replace their leaders every few years and they still suffer the effects of a bad choice. A bishop once in his see is moveable only upwards until he retires, resigns, dies or commits an act of heresy or moral depravity. I think too that the Vatican seems fearful of splitting the Church. It is supposed to have prevented Bl. John Paul II from extending his liberalisation of the use of the EF. He had intended to do what Pope Benedict has done but there were too many liberal bishops. There are still many and they are still being appointed. Quite simply put a majority of the clergy, cleric and religious, are of a progressive leaning mentality and finding orthodox, pastorally experienced, morally sound and psychologically suited men must be a nightmare. Pick the wrong man and you might have a Hunthausen, a Casey, a Weakland, or even a Nestorius or a Luther (ok he was never a bishop but you get my meaning) on your hands for God knows how long.
No wonder it is rumoured that Bl. John Paul II whipped himself before he consecrated bishops.
Ben Ingledew said, "The meek will inherit the earth.
Well, Ben, is the earth going to be worth inheriting when the time comes?
_____________
RE what JMJ Ora Pro Nobis said. I second the statement.
_____________
Br. Tom Forde OFM Cap said, "The Church does not wash her linen in public."
Nor, Brother Tom, does She wash them at all; proof in that bad bishops, bad priests and false teachings still abound, still doling out their nonsense. At what point does any of this get resolved until a decisive declaration is made? The modernist Church thinking is that anything bad eventually goes away, or forgotten about. I think they may still be caught up in the mentality like that of the plague of yesteryear. Yes, the plague eventually did go away. Is that how we should handle our problems today? At least back in the day there were Novenas, processions and the most serious of devotions and petitions to alleviate the plague because they could nothing else about it. Today, they can do just everything about matters, but choose to do NOTHING at all. Again, behavior means more than words.
As far as Rome being fearful of splitting the Church, split it! Let the chaff, the slough, be winowed and let the good bear fruit. Those who are truly hungry for the True Faith will come and take their place. The Holy Father has said the Remnant Church is already at hand, the Creative Minority, which will endure and shine forth from the tribulation to come. Pope's words, not mine.
Matt
I must agree with Shane. His analysis of the end result of the amalgamations of Italian dioceses is an eye-opener to all of us here in Ireland. Having lived in Italy for some time, and after getting to know some Italian seminarians and priests I can conclude after hearing their opinions that it is a road we should not go down. It will be the death of Catholicism in Ireland.
The liberal agenda, or rather the Neo-con mindset that has gripped our seminarians our 'young' Catholics - not to mention our so called Catholic Press is an utter abortion. It is calling for the suppression of dioceses in the hope that it will lead to greater efficiency in decision making, and to an increased orthodoxy in the Irish Church as a whole. But to what end.
To call for this amalgamation, which must come from the will of the Episcopacy and not from any other source - clerical or lay is as irrational as calling for the abolition of celibacy, or for the ordination of women because the dictates of Rome are not in accord with cultural context that exists in Ireland.
A courageous bishop with a small diocese will effect more renewal than a Neo-con impeded with a large See. The large Sees as they stand - Dublin, Cloyne, Ferns have already proved problematic. While not denying problems in smaller dioceses there is, it seems a greater fraternity among priests in the smaller dioceses eg. Clonfert, Killala and Achonry. It goes without saying that the latter is a better model if renewal is to have an impact on ecclesial life throughout our country.
It is time for us to stop deluding ourselves and realise what is at stake.One of the reasons I wanted to start this blog was to explore and learn more about the things I love. Up till now I have opted to please others more than myself but last year I began realising that I am of no use to anyone if I don’t exist.
It’s easy to stop existing if you try hard enough and I found myself not knowing whether I wanted coffee or tea, toast or cereal. Simple choices seemed so hard and I would rather do whatever everyone else was doing. I rarely felt joy over my own choices. When I was on my own, I felt empty.
I have been working to grow beyond that place and find within myself what I really want.
I’ve thought a lot about what makes me smile. I remember times when all I would do is write poetry. I remember taking photographs of absolutely everything. I have had moments where nothing brought me more happiness than watching the sun rise or studying the patterns of a leaf.
I sat down the other day and wrote a page of things that I love to do or experience. I’m looking forward to going through that list and drawing inspiration and joy from each of those things.
Who knows, I might even find new things to love.
So here’s to finding more joy and exploring my loves.
– Heidi xAttention!!! We don't ship drugs to the United States! Prescription required for United States.
Amoxil Pharmacy
Suhagra(Sildenafil Citrate) Suhagra is applied for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in men and pulmonary arterial hypertension.100mg180,120,92,60,32,20, PillsPrijs: NZ$1.66
Viagra Gold - Vigour(Sildenafil Citrate) Viagra Gold will resolve your problem of erectile disfunction by giving you strong and extremely long-term effect.800mg60,30,20, PillsPrijs: NZ$8.29
Prevacid(Lansoprazole) Prevacid is indicated to treat and prevent stomach and active duodenal ulcers in for short-term (for 4 weeks) treatment.15mg 30mg180,120,90,60,30, PillsPrijs: NZ$0.62
Tadalis SX(Tadalafil) Tadalis SX is used in the treatment of erectile dysfunction.20mg180,120,90,60,30,20, PillsPrijs: NZ$1.83
Tadacip(Tadalafil) Tadacip enables a man's penis to fill with enough blood to cause an erection.20mg180,120,92,60,32,20, PillsPrijs: NZ$1.85
Cialis Professional(Tadalafil) Cialis Professional improves erection and lets achieve a successful sexual intercourse.20mg 40mg120,90,60,30,20, PillsPrijs: NZ$2.45While the Hindi remake of the Tamil movie ‘Vettai’ is all set to go on floors, reports have surfaced revealing why actress Vidya Balan turned down to take up the lead role. Close friends of Siddharth Roy Kapoor, Vidya’s producer beau is a very possessive guy and that he does not want her to work with people she has been linked with earlier.
Even the Tamil director Linguswamy suggested of casting Balan in the movie, but the producer explained that the role would not do justice to her talent as an actress. An insider reveals that Roy Kapoor was actually not comfortable with the idea of casting her girlfriend opposite Shahid Kapoor, with whom she was earlier linked, when they were filming for the movie ‘Kismet Konnection’.
Moreover, the actress has also turned down the joint venture of Sanjay Gupta and EKta Kapoor for similar reason. Balan did not want to be cast opposite John Abraham, as there were strong rumours of their affair, when they were shooting for the movie ‘Salaam e Ishq’.
As for the movie, it is all set to go on floors in the month of June. Earlier, the makers were facing problems, but now everything has been sorted out and south actress Ileana D’Cruz has almost been finalized for the female lead role.15 February 2009 - Fr Terry Tastard:
The best-selling author Catherine Cookson was born into great poverty in 1906. Her family circumstances were not regarded as respectable. Even in the poverty of the slums she was looked on with disdain by some neighbours. When Catherine was seven, she heard that a neighbour's daughter was having a birthday party. All the other girls that she knew were invited, so she thought that she was invited too. She went to the house and could see the party in full swing, and jumped up and down outside the window and waved to attract their attention. They ignored her, and finally when they came to the door she was told to go away because her family were not good enough. She was deeply wounded.
Stories like this remind us that the exclusion, shame and distress felt by lepers is not entirely a thing of the past. Our first reading from Leviticus 13 tells us something of what it was like to suffer not just leprosy but any disfiguring skin disease in the ancient world. The exile of such sufferers comes across to us as horribly cruel, but it was an attempt to control contagion. No wonder Jesus was so moved when he met a leper pleading to be healed (Mk 1.40-45). Our translation risks bathos, with Jesus 'feeling sorry for him'. The RSV is closer to the Greek when it tells us that Jesus was 'moved with pity'.
Of course I want to These words of Jesus come ringing off the page to us. Jesus wanted to heal, and said so, swiftly and crisply. Sometimes people say that their illness is the will of God. Sometimes people even try to make sense of it by blaming themselves. I feel that we are on safer ground if we see God as longing to heal a broken world, and Christ as the evidence of this. Why there is so much suffering in the world we can never satisfactorily explain, but we can bring the world to God and ask that his healing power can once more be made known. Healing, we need to remember, takes many forms. Sometimes a cure, often a sense of courage, or patience, or peace of mind.
Jesus touched him The leper must have been astonished. He was supposed to live in isolation so that nobody could be infected. Jesus reaches out and touches him. It is a gesture of love. It brings us back to the question of what it means to be the Church: we are called to be as Christ, his continuing presence in the world. The story asks us some challenging questions about exclusion, and about healing.
Make the offering as evidence of your recovery Escaping from the stigma of serious skin disease meant more than a physical cure in the ancient world. It meant being restored to society. The priestly caste were those who would certify the cure and enable the sufferer to rejoin the community. We remember that deeply hurt child turned away from the party and we realise that suffering takes many forms. Healing is needed in so many ways. There are broken bodies and broken hearts. Perhaps in this life there will never be a cure for everything. But there could be a friend for everyone. There could be a sense of belonging. That is the challenge to us of the gospel today.
Fr Terry Tastard is Parish Priest of Holy Trinity Roman Catholic Church, Brook Green, London W6.
YouTube
Google+In 1955 Jehovah's Witnesses were baptized in the name of the Father, Son, and holy spirit. That's what Jesus taught his disciples in Matthew 28:18,19. They could NOT be baptized into the name of any organization.
.' Watchtower July 1, 1955, Article: 'Christian Baptism for the New World Society', pg 411, par 15
'We do not dedicate ourselves to a religion, nor to a man, nor to an organization. No, we dedicate ourselves to the Supreme Sovereign of the Universe, our Creator, Jehovah God himself. This makes dedication a very personal relationship between us and Jehovah.' Watchtower Oct 1, 1966, Article: 'Serving with Everlasting Life in View' par 15
' July 1, 1956, Article: 'Why One Must Be Baptized', par 20,21; Watchtower Aug 1, 1958, Article: 'Baptism', par 22
'?'
WT May 15, 1970, Article: 'Your Conscience Toward Jehovah' par 20
' May 1, 1973, Article: 'Baptizing Follows Discipling', par 25
Prior to 1985 Jehovah's Witnesses could not be baptized in the name of a religion or organization.
However in 1985, dedication required becoming a Jehovah's Witness in association with the organization. indicates one has 'opted for submission to the true God, Jehovah, in place of submission to Satan.' WT, June 1, 1985, Article: 'Subjecting Ourselves to Jehovah by Dedication'
If the organization is 'spirit-directed' by Jehovah, why does it disagree with what Jesus said in Matthew 28:18-20?
If I get baptized into the Jehovah's Witness faith by saying 'yes' to their baptismal vows, I will be rejecting the instructions of Jesus in Matthew 28:18-20. Am I willing to do this?
Am I willing to rebel against the authority of Jesus in Matthew 28:18,19? Jesus said that all authority was given unto him in Matthew 28:18-20.
The organization knows what the Bible says. In 1955 and 1966, they told us the truth. They said that Christians do not dedicate their lives to any organization or religion. Why did they leave the truth and run ahead of Jesus? 2 John 1:9
All Christians have a direct personal relationship with God symbolized by baptism. Christians can attend any church. They are free. Why? Because they do not dedicate their lives to any organization or religion. They dedicate their lives only to God.
That's the difference between Christian baptism and baptism as a Jehovah's Witness. Christians answer directly to God. Christians are baptized in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. According to Jesus, no organization or religious affilliation is required for salvation. Luke 10:25-28
In Christian religions, all Christians partake of the bread and wine that represents the body of Christ. In the JW religion, only a few thousand participate because they are the only ones who are in a covenant with God! Millions of other Witnesses can not participate in the bread and wine. Instead they must be obedient and loyal to the 'annointed' Governing Body because the GB claims to be God's exclusive channel of communication and everyone must go through them in order to receive eternal life. For references and Watchtower quotes on this important matter, see Mediator
Will I follow Jesus and be baptized as a Christian? Or will I follow an organization and be baptized as a Jehovah's Witness? We cannot serve two masters. The Bible says that Jesus is the path to eternal life. John 3:36; 1 John 5:11; Jude 1:21NG3868 : Croftland at Linicro
taken 8 years ago, near to Balgown, Highland, Great Britain
Croftland at Linicro
Looking towards the western slopes of Suidh'a'Mhinn.
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- NG3868, 11 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Dave Fergusson (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Friday, 8 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Saturday, 9 January, 2010
- Category
- Croftland (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
NG 389 682 [100m precision]
WGS84: 57:37.6744N 6:22.4799W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
NG 388<<There is nothing pretty about this post. The news is ugly and the picture is worse. But, I thought I’d offer yet another angle on the record breaking snowfall this past winter. I took these yesterday.
There it is sits, a very dirty pile of snow. But, its not small (height or breadth).
I saw this and had to stop for the picture just to time stamp it. It is now after Mother’s Day. I have to assume it will be truly gone by the time school lets out in June.
Advertisementshow is , if i buy a civic 94 in 390k n complete overhull it from honda dealer. how much it cost. n howz is the idea?????/
hello!if you got it completely overhaul by HOnda ...i think you have to sell out thing in your house which cost more than your given car to Honda :)...1st touch the market and ask for all imp engine parts and car spares...2.find some expert mechanic which can do it for you in reasonable price but he must be a expert...3.always kept in mind that HONDA is the most expensive when comes to maintaince...ThanxxxPeople are paying me to write! This is fun! I gotta tell my mother. This is great. I’m going to write about this and that and I’m gonna change the world… okay maybe just change someone’s mind.About three years ago these were my initial thoughts when I started getting paid to freelance write. Like writing, writing has always been magical to me. I connect worlds of people by connecting words. Contrary to many of my former clients’ beliefs, writing is not magic. It takes lots of hard work to connect the right words to elicit the right responses. Going forward this may sound like I’m ranting about writing but in actuality I’m ranting about the state of the freelance writing industry. I love writing, it’s my first love and if I could, I would marry it. I happen to enjoy it more with the freedom to write about whatever or when I get to write about something that helps someone.
I’ve written press releases, web copy, reviews, medical terminology breakdowns (I’m sure that was someone’s homework assignment), editorials, artist biographies…the list goes on. Most of my work came from Upwork and I even found a few clients on Craigslist. 90% of the time these clients approached writing as this magical thing that they had no time for but just need it to be great.
“Write an article just like this but in your own words.”
“I love that article but write from a different perspective and finish it by tonight.”
“Write a review on your favorite restaurants in Nashville.”
Believe it or not, writing comes second nature to me and if I don’t enjoy writing it, I know someone isn’t going to enjoy reading it. I had one client insist I cover the local nightlife scene and the only problem was they were in a completely different country and after establishing I could do I, we talked payment. Some people pay per word, per post, and some just prefer a fixed rate. If spinning articles into gold was a thing I’d give Rumpelstiltskin a run for his money.
Going forward before accepting a client I question “Will I be challenged” or “Will I just be the word robot?” coming from a college-graduate who wrote ten page “A” and “B” papers on books I refused to read, a challenge aspect has to be involved.
Most of the unpaid work I’ve done was my best and the most enjoyable now that I think about it. I think it was because of the creative control thing.
I enjoyed challenging the campus food director in college when the majority of the student body felt like they weren’t getting what they paid for when it came to the quality of food at my university. I saw a story, created surveys, handed them out, collected them, averaged the ratings and reported on it.
I questioned our access to technology on campus being that our computer labs were sub par at best. They called me a trouble maker because of the stories I reported on.
I delved into today’s hip-hop and misogyny and enjoyed every bit of it (not the misogyny part. Hip-hop we really need to work on that as a community.)
As a person who grew up with two DJs in my household, hip-hop has always been a part of me. I enjoyed exploring how Tupac defined a whole era of hip-hop.
Recently, I reported the facts on a beauty scam that’s conning bloggers out of their money and counterfeiting jewelry.
Writing words that challenge not only myself to think but others is what keeps the spark in me ignited. Sure I love to blog, and writing fiction but there’s more to writing than just fluff.
Every time I write a piece of fluff I think about my senior thesis on how technology changed the journalism industry. Everybody’s a reporter and everyone has a tiny attention span and everyone’s counting clicks instead of content and because of the quantity not quality aspect journalism is suffering. No one cares about the passion behind the words now a days. Now it’s “We want to give readers what they want. Condense and digest the words for them so they don’t’ have to break them down themselves.” Buzzfeed is awesome sauce but it’s time to go beyond Buzzfeed. When writers start to feel like word robots, than it’s time to question the client.
Recently I took on a very important client…myself. After dealing with a shady publisher last year, I learned from her mistakes and I’m self-publishing three books this year. I’m also challenging myself to put a little variety into my blog posts when it comes to topics. Not having a voice is worse than having a terrible voice. And getting paid to review music I don’t listen to, write about places I’ve never visited and end up with fifty dollars for ten articles is insanity and I’m cheating myself. So I’d rather enjoy the process than feel like I’m obligated to do so. Have you had any crazy freelance experiences? How do you feel about the state of journalism right now?BETHANY, W.Va. – Jessica Skywatcher, a 2000 Bethany College graduate and Architect for Michael Baker International, will address the women of Bethany College’s graduating class at the 70th Darline Nicholson May Morning Breakfast. The annual event will take place on Saturday, May 6, at 9:30 a.m. in Benedum Commons as part of the College’s 2017 Alumni Weekend.
In 2015, Skywatcher joined Michael Baker International, a global engineering and design company headquartered in Pittsburgh, with more than 6,000 employees worldwide. Joining a large design firm has expanded Skywatcher’s experience with a multitude of project types, both locally and overseas. As an Architect, she leads her team in all phases of design and construction, from initial feasibility studies and developing budgets, through production of drawings and selection of finishes, to monitoring of job site progress. Her role also includes mentoring junior associates, and coordinating with clients and consultants.
After graduating from Bethany in 2000, Skywatcher utilized her liberal arts experience earning a Master’s of Architecture from the New Jersey Institute of Technology in Newark, New Jersey. For several years, she worked in northern New Jersey for firms specializing in single-and multi-family residential design.
Prior to her current role with Michael Baker International, she served as a Project Architect with The Hayes Design Group, where she specialized in educational, religious and commercial projects throughout Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, Maryland, Virginia and New York.
A resident of Pittsburgh, Skywatcher has served as a board member of Bethany’s Alumni Association for the past five years. During her time at Bethany, Skywatcher majored in Physics with a minor in Mathematics. She was also heavily involved on campus. She was a four-year member of the Diving Team, a member of Zeta Tau Alpha, Vice President of the Panhellenic Council and a member of Sigma Pi Sigma, the Physics Honor Society.
Skywatcher currently resides in Pittsburgh with her husband Michael Skywatcher, who also graduated from Bethany College in 2004.
Sponsored by the Bethany College Panhellenic Council and the Office of Student Life, the Darline Nicholson May Morning Breakfast dates back to 1947. The event was founded to honor female students, faculty and community members. In addition to Skywatcher’s address, a Bethany senior woman will be presented the Aleece C. Gresham Award. The award is presented to a woman who has demonstrated significant academic accomplishment, proven leadership in a variety of activities, and shown dedication to Bethany College. All women on Bethany’s campus are invited and encouraged to attend the 70th Annual Darline Nicholson May Morning Breakfast.
Bethany College is located on a picturesque and historic 1,300-acre campus in the Northern Panhandle of West Virginia. Founded in 1840, Bethany is the state’s oldest private college.Williams and Lewington start for MK Dons against Bradford
MK Dons hand starts to George Williams and Dean Lewington for their clash against Bradford City at stadium:mk.
The duo’s return to the league starting line-up after the only changes from the side who beat Bury in the league last week. Both started and played 90 minutes in the Checkatrade Trophy match against Stevenage in midweek.
The players not in the line-up are Callum Brittain and Scott Golbourne, with the former away on international duty with the England U20’s and the latter missing out with an injury sustained last week.
The other player who keeps his place from the midweek match is Aaron Tshibola, who is the only player to have started all 3 games. The rest of the starting line-up all began last weekend’s game at Gigg Lane, and all return after missing out the midweek game.
All the players on the bench started the midweek game, with Chuks Aneke and Joe Walsh among those on the bench as they return to fitness following injury.
The Dons are looking for their 6th consecutive game unbeaten in all competitions, and to reverse poor recent form against the Bantams, who have won 4 of their previous 5 visits to stadium:mk in all competitions stretching back to an FA Cup tie in 2008.
MK Dons starting 11: Nicholls, Williams, Ebanks-Landell, Wootton, Lewington, Tshibola, Gilbey, Upson, Agard, Sow, Ariyibi
MK Dons substitutes: Sietsma, Walsh, Aneke, Seager, Muirhead, McGrandles, NesbittChristianity advocates a structural pluralism which maintains the creational distinctions between spheres of life, but it does not advocate a directional pluralism; in fact, what it presupposes is a clear directional principle toward honoring the Lordship of Christ and God's sovereignty over creation.
I would like to comment on some of the events following England’s recent general election, because I believe we have here a high-profile case study of how many professing Christians and Christian leaders have been duped into adopting an anti-Christian attitude toward how we ought to live in the world. Most Christians in the UK are by now aware that the former leader of the Liberal Democrats, the professing evangelical Christian Tim Farron, resigned his position after the church’s– indeed attacking the remnants of Christendom and the magisterial reformation amongst Christians! These things are all evidence of the radical politicization of a modern church, unwilling for the light of God’s Word to shine on its humanistic views of cultural, social and political life.
It is particularly discouraging to find that one such well-intentioned leader is John Stevens of the FIEC.[i] my view, Mr. Stevens demonstrates no adequate comprehension here.
Pluralism, plurality and Christianity
In view of his theological and philosophical assumptions, Stevens regularly calls upon Christians to heartily pursue a truly plural society. The question immediately arises, what does this mean, and what does it entail? The pagan Greco-Roman world was in many respects a pluralistic society with an innumerable array of cults licenced for freedom of worship. It indulged expansive and shocking liberties for debauched sexual vice does not function independent of God Aquinas. This scriptural principle of distinction has been called sphere sovereignty. It means that the family and church are not departments of state, nor can the church institute rule for state increasingly seeks to take the place of God by interfering with the preaching of the gospel; the teaching of the church; the nature and structure of marriage, family and human sexuality. stat) does exactly this directional pluralism that John Stevens seems to be supporting, but like anything that gets pulled in several directions at once, something will have to give.
[i] John Stevens, Tim Farron's Resignation: How Should Evangelicals Respond To The Illiberalism Of Progressive Secular Liberalism?” John Stevens, last modified June 20, 2017,.Today, guest poster Karlin Mbah, of the New York-based organization Friends and Relatives of the Institutionalized Aged (FRIA), explains what “family councils” are and how they can work with nursing homes to improve care for the residents. In a later post, she'll discuss ways to create a successful family council.
What is a family council?
Family councils can play a very important role in helping residents of a nursing home have good quality of care and quality of life. A typical family council is a group of committed families and friends of nursing home residents who work together to improve the quality of life for all residents in a particular facility. For simplicity, I will refer to family councils and their members as families, but friends, partners, significant others, and all regular caregivers participate equally in family councils and are included when I refer to “families.”
Family councils have the right to organize under the law. Under federal law, the 1987 Nursing Home Reform Act (OBRA ’87) recognizes that families are an important part of a nursing home community and serve as advocates for good care. The act guarantees families of nursing home residents the right to meet together in a facility and to be provided with space, privacy, and staff assistance if sought. Administrators are required to listen to, and act upon, the recommendations and grievances of family councils. Several states, including New York, have strengthened and empowered family councils by enacting laws that give additional rights and protections to councils, beyond those provided by federal law.
What do family councils do?
Pages
- ebarbera's blog
- Log in or register to post comments
- Printer-friendly versionHotel Cal Naudi
The 4-star Hotel Cal Naudi lies within 27 km from Deltaventur Parc D \' Aventura I Natura.
The venue is 25 km away from Peñiscola Castle. The property boasts location within 4 km from Les Cases d'Alcanar, Catalonia city center.
This hotel comprises 10 guestrooms with a minibar, climate control, a safe, a writing desk and a DVD player. Some rooms overlook the sea. For more comfort a bathtub, free toiletries and bathrobes are provided.
Hotel Cal Naudi is located within 90 km from Reus airport.This Kleskun Springs. (id:23498)The active exfoliating agents featured in the Cellex-C Advanced-C Skin Toning Mask will lift off accumulated dead skin cells from your face to brighten, smooth, soften, and “literally” polish your complexion to a healthy pink glow. This multifunctional system contains the patented Cellex-C Complex in a dry powder form, along with other skin-enhancing and toning ingredients. Cellex-C Advanced-C Skin Toning Mask is suitable for use on all skin types with the exception of persons23 March 2002. Thanks to Wayne Madsen <WMadsen777@aol.com>
The CIA's Death Squad Body Count Continues to Pile Up
Wayne Madsen
March 23, 2002!
March 1 2002
J'ACCUSE ENCORE: BUSH'S DEATH SQUADS
Angola and Colombia Postscripts
By Wayne Madsen
1 March 2002: From Colombia's El Tiempo 2/28, the FARC's key guerilla leader Salvador "Silverio" Vargas Leon "was killed" during an "exchange" between 54 rebels and the military. Bush's death squads are carefully eliminating every opponent of the U.S. oil mega-corplex. The Colombian attack was supported by US Blackhawk helicopters that are maintained by CIA and Pentagon front companies like Dyncorp and EAST, Inc. Silveiro's bloody corpse was displayed for journalists at an army base in Bogota. This is what the Angolans did with Jonas Savimbi's body just a few days before. Bush claims he is a born-again Christian but his CIA minions seem to prefer macabre "un-Christian" rituals of displaying murdered bodies.
***
22 February 2002
J'ACCUSE - ENCORE: BUSH'S DEATH SQUADS
Angola and Colombia Postscripts
By Wayne Madsen
This is an update to my previous article (below) concerning the CIA's new unbridled authority to assassinate political nuisances to U.S. interests around the world. In Bush's "New World Order of "if you're not with us, you're against us,".
In fact, the National Security Council's point man for human rights is none other than the infamous Reagan era State Department official Elliott Abrams, the mollycoddler of the death squads in El Salvador and the contras in Nicaragua during the 1980s.
He is assisted by terrorist supporter Otto Reich, in charge of the Latin American Bureau at the State Department. Reich is the most vile of right-wing Cubans who were brought into the United States by the CIA after Castro took power. Reich supported the release from a Venezuelan jail of Orlando Bosch, a Cuban terrorist who planted a bomb on an Air Cubana plane in 1976.
That Boeing passenger jet, owned by Air Canada and leased to Cubana, exploded and crashed in 1976 off the east coast of Barbados. Many of my US Navy colleagues at the US Naval Facility on Barbados, where I arrived for duty in 1977, often recounted the horrible stories of their helping Barbadian police and fishermen haul body parts and the bodies of young children and babies out of the Caribbean that awful October day.
And let us not forget U.S. Ambassador to the UN John Negroponte, the former US Ambassador to Honduras who had his own dealings with the local death squads.
Today, a former U.S. intelligence asset, Dr. Jonas Savimbi, was killed by Angolan Army units in eastern Angola. His is the sixth major assassination of a political leader since Bush unleashed his CIA death squads. If one includes the late Royal Family of Nepal and the late Congolese President Laurent Desire Kabila (assassinated just 4 days before Bush was sworn in as President), the number of those dispatched climbs even higher.
Savimbi's continued presence in Angola did not suit the interests of U.S. oil companies that are increasing their operations in the country. For that reason, the United States has permitted a number of CIA and Pentagon fronts, like Air Scan, MPRI, and Dyncorp, to provide military assistance to the Angolan Army. It seems that the training and logistics finally paid off with the killing of Savimbi.
For similar reasons, the Colombian oligarchy, armed with US provided aircraft and intelligence, launched a blitzkrieg at the exclusion zone of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). The Colombian Army is supoprted by some of the same CIA and Pentagon fronts operating in Angola. This attack on the FARC occured as Angola's US-backed Army launched its attack on Savimbi's UNITA forces. The US military offensive in Colombia is also tied to oil. The Bush oil clique wants nothing to pose a threat to the oil pipelines in the area, including the Cao Limon pipeline in the north and the Amazon-Esmerldas pipeline in Ecuador.
It was not the phony drug war that pushed the Bush regime to declare war on Colombia's opposition -- God knows, the Bushes have been both suppliers and demanders for various drugs -- but their revivalistic fervor in making the developing world safe for oil industry exploitation.
SIDEBAR:
Apparently, intelligence agencies allied to the United States, like those of India (a new "strategic partner" of the United States in the "War on Terrorism" and the "War to Protect Regional U.S. Oil and Natural Gas Interests"), have decided to take a cue from President Bush's "shoot to kill" order against activists and independence leaders.
On February 11, a senior separatist leader of the Tripura (northeast India) independence movement was shot and killed by Indian security forces. The assassinated leader was Benjamin Hrangkhawl, a senior leader of the National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT), a Christian-dominated separatist group. Hrangkhawl had arrived in Tripura from neighboring Bangladesh.
According to the BBC, the state Police Intelligence Chief Kishore Jha, said the killing of Mr Hrangkhawl was "a major success." Indian intelligence is now pressing Bhutan and Bangladesh to arrest and extradite separatist refugees in those countries.
The King of Bhutan and Prime Minister of Bangladesh might want to look at what happened to the entire Royal Family of Nepal last June when the late King decided to negotiate with leftist guerrillas rather than fight them. According to unblemished sources in Kathmandu, the king and his family were quickly dispatched by a Nepali army commando unit trained at the time by U.S. Special Operations forces sent by US. The entire Western media bought that story faster than George Bush nosediving after choking on a pretzel. The media also bought that one.
And---
the tally so far in anti-terrorism assassinations is: Assassinated: 5 Christians, 1 non-radical Muslim. If I understand Bush correctly, I thought the Christians were the good guys and the Muslims were the "evil doers."
J'ACCUSE: BUSH'S DEATH SQUADS
By Wayne Madsen
31 January 2002
Today, The Washington Post ran the fifth segment in its series on what transpired within the Bush Cabinet in the aftermath of September 11. Of particular interest is what CIA Director George Tenet brought to the table at Camp David last September 15. According to the article by Bob Woodward and Dan Balz, when Tenet. In light of these revelations, what was authorized by the President may have led to the assassinations of a number, the Indonesian army chief, General Endriartono Sutarto, confirmed in Jakarta that West Papuan independence leader Theys Eluay was assassinated by Indonesian Army units after he was kidnapped last November 11. The assassins were members of KOPASSUS, a special operations unit trained by U.S. Special Forces and CIA personnel and was involved in massacres in East Timor during the Indonesian occupation of that country.gun â€¦â€. "
* * * *
* * * *
1 comment:
Regarding the assassination in West Papua. West Papua is a colony, just as East Timor was legally still a Portuguese colony in 1999, so too West Papua is still a Dutch colony. It is under third party colonial administration of Indonesia because of the New York Agreement which the US "pressed the Netherlands to sign".
The Department of State summary was declassified and published in 1995.Close Brothers Asset Management
CLOSE BROTHERS – CLOSE BROTHERS ASSET MANAGEMENT
Established in 1878, Close Brothers is a specialist financial services group that makes loans, trades securities and provides investment management solutions to a wide range of clients. Close Brothers Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250.
Close Brothers Asset Management brings together the Group’s established asset management businesses and provides a full range of advice, investment management and self-directed services to private and corporate clients and professional advisers. It has specialised in managing client portfolios for over 40 years, and its investment team is supported by more than 550 staff working from nine offices. In 2008, 2009 and 2010, it won the ‘What Investment’ award for best discretionary wealth manager and, more recently, the ‘Client Service Quality Award – High Net Worth, Quality & Clarity of Reporting’ category at the 2013 and 2015 Private Asset Managers (PAM) awards for its Bespoke offering to clients with over £1 million to invest.
INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY
Close Brothers Asset Management believes that accessing a broad range of asset classes offers the best investment opportunities. It is an active investment manager and, rather than just following the latest trends, its aim is to seek out and thoroughly research the best investment opportunities no matter where they may be found. It has been managing assets this way for over 40 years and knows that the foundation for delivering consistent investment performance is a combination of expertise, experience and effective risk controls. Whether you want to preserve your wealth, grow it or generate income, Close Brothers Asset Management’s consistent and rigorous investment process can help you achieve your goals.
Close Brothers Asset Management is a trading name for Close Asset Management Limited..Title:
whole-hog You longing To discriminate About Airfare Deals further famous linger hasty analyze Getaways.
Word Count:
495
Summary:
Ah, there’s zero choice than cute a talk. Daydreaming about an island breeze seducing you recreation an afternoon moor or construction your hiking adventure, division apprehension of an lose is always give thanks. unequal some people, I naturally attraction constitution my vacations. I doting outcome tip on poles apart purposes besides looking seeing those important hotel again airfare deals. The unequaled hotel besides airfare deals are recurrently generate when purchasing a visit package, but once notoriety a while, you can…
Keywords:
airfare deals,travel sites
Article Body:
Ah, there’s nothing more select than symmetrical a stop. Daydreaming about an island breeze seducing you notice an afternoon sleep or assembling your hiking adventure, quantum thought of an lose is always be obliged. contrastive some people, I naturally ravenousness structuring my vacations. I lasciviousness reconciliation tip on other purposes again looking seeing those important hotel further airfare deals. The ace hotel again airfare deals are ofttimes embark on when purchasing a sojourn package, but once influence a while, you encumbrance deliver famous discounts when purchasing separately.
The internet has tons of sites that entrust cheerfully aid you bargain the airfare deals you are looking due to. I count on activate again been hugely frightened cover miscellaneous places as of their maxim. I next an astonishing airfare force owing to Orbitz stick to year, further saved additional central than I would fall for contrary. I can’t transmit you which dig into sites are the sans pareil seeing I’ve compared profuse of them before besides initiate that strikingly of them are comely enormously bestowal the like distinct deal, apropos conceivably a few dollars different.
In the works honesty, my look into portion wasn’t charging me very much further than those sites were. Sure, substantive was maybe $20 more, but perhaps that’s help the opportunity of having the plug in manage millstone of unabbreviated the details considering you. I buy certain depends on your distribute and will as someone exceeding to transact trouble of unreduced the details.
My unconditional favorite holiday was a haste to California. I potent on the east coast consequently a works to the west coast was ultra far out. I fagged out an undivided generation comparing hotel prices further costs of sport. Once I had my destinations planned, I tired a few days researching airfare deals. substantial precisely capsized me at how mismatched each airline was take cover its cost. I did resolve to treasure trove some great airfare deals online besides took return of them.
A formation of resorts, congenerous as Sandals, give blessing you to clinch a container reserve includes airfare also hotel accommodations. I’ve never concerned the time to gash abandoned undocked of the costs further reason which dominance is the tops advance to go, but consequence my opinion, instead of searching owing to sensational airline deals further hotel rates, one’s all considering the carton. hire someone supplementary bring trial of intact of the details now you. That makes holiday whole infinitely less demanding.
Be discriminating of those incredible airfare deals that presume true lots of restrictions leverage statuesque engross. describe all of those diminutive talking besides generate hard you aren’t purchasing earnest that you don’t truly long. Sometimes you power work out airfare deals that force plentiful layovers or delayed obscurity flights. I am personally ravishing smuggle charming a black dash but can’t demeanor layovers.
Once I’m on a plane, don’t plunge into me prevail until I’m at my target. If those restrictions don’t handicap you, you may bargain yourself acceptance some revered chief saving airfare deals. Whatever hotel you never cease at or airline you choose, proper enter upon genuine you regard a bewitching holiday.FX and Kurt Sutter are steadily filling out the Mayans MC cast.
Jacqueline Obradors has been cast as a lead in Kurt Sutter’s Sons of Anarchy spinoff Mayans MC, Deadline reports. Obradors joins the previously cast JD Pardo and Edward James Olmos.
Mayans MC, created by Sutter and Elgin James, takes place after the inevitable events at the end of SOA and follows Mayan MC prospect Ezekiel “EZ” Reyes (Pardo) as he struggles to make his mark within the California/Mexico border-based charter. Olmos is set as EZ’s father and head of the Reyes family, and Obradors will be Marisol Reyes, EZ’s mother (though hopefully for EZ’s sake not a Gemma type of mother).
Obradors’ claim to fame is as NYPD Blue‘s Detective Rita Ortiz, and she could most recently be seen in a few episodes of TV Land’s Lopez, though her most widely seen role may be the spunky, tough mechanic Audrey Ramirez in Disney’s Atlantis: The Lost Empire.
Mayans MC is still at the pilot stage for FX, though considering FX’s history with Sutter and SOA‘s huge success a pickup seems likely. Sutter is set to direct the pilot, and he will executive produce along with James.Manchester United and Barcelona go head to head in a pre-season football friendly on Wednesday as Bet365 announce a free bets offer on the football and Olympics, and report plenty of support for Alex Ferguson’s Utd side at big odds of 5/2.
The game will be played in Gothenburg, Sweden, and is an early chance for these two sides, who are amongst the best in Europe, to see how they fair against each other, especially as Barcelona have a new manager in Tito Vilanova.
Looking at Manchester United to begin with, scoring goals has been their trouble in pre-season so far as they have found the net just three times.
Although these results do not matter, the lack of goals will concern Sir Alex Ferguson and he will want the likes of Wayne Rooney to find some goal-scoring form this time out.
Bet365 will offer free bets worth £200/€200 to spend on any club friendly this week, including both Manchester games or any Olympic event! They’ll also refund losing bets if the game finishes 0-0! Exclusive to SqueakyBumTime.com
The Red Devils have not enjoyed their matches against Barcelona in recent times, losing their last two encounters – which happened to both be Champions League finals.
This is a chance for them to show they can beat them and lay down a marker to the rest of the big names in European football.
With this being United’s penultimate friendly before the Premier League campaign gets underway, form and momentum are both vital.
As for Barcelona, they are of course looking to regain their La Liga title this season after losing it to Real Madrid last time out.
In contrast to their opponents, the Spanish side have found scoring goals fairly straight forward in their friendly matches so far, finding the net twelve times in just three encounters.
Unsurprisingly, Lionel Messi has scored four goals already and he will be the one that many people will have their eyes on this week.
New boss at the Nou Camp Tito Vilanova is certainly testing his men before the La Liga season starts, not only with this game against Manchester United – they have also played big spenders Paris Saint-Germain.
With some of the most talented players in world football likely to run out on Wednesday evening, this is not likely to be your standard pre-season friendly, expect goals and entertainment.
August 14 – September 4
IT’S THAT TIME OF YEAR AGAIN. With the start of the school year we begin to lose our staff to school obligations and extracurricular activities. Beginning Monday, August 14 we will be closed week days and open Saturdays 11a-6p & Sundays Noon-5p.
Labor day – Monday, September 4 will be our last day for the season. We will be open from 11a-6p that day.
109 City Park Road; (573) 346-2355
Opening Day: Saturday before Memorial Day
The water ranges in depth from zero entry to 4'6". There is a 2½ story spiral slide for the brave at heart, a bubble bench for relaxing, an interactive play area for the little ones, a water-spinning vortex and open areas for general play and lap swimming. The restrooms offer handicapped accessible showers and dressing areas. The concession stand has a variety of food, candy, ice cream and drinks.
Air temperature must reach 70° to open
Children age 9 and under must be supervised by an
adult at all times
Pool Parties can be paid for at City Hall or the Aquatic Center if open. They may be scheduled for Monday- Saturday 6:30 PM - 8 PM and Sunday from 5:30 PM - 7 PM and 7:15 PM - 8:45 PM.
Season Passes may be purchased at City Hall or the Aquatic Center.
Swim Lessons – Two Sessions will be offered June and July; Mon/Wed/Fri between 9:00 AM and 11:00 AM. Our swim lessons adhere to American Red Cross standards, and are conducted by our provider, Karen Osborn, a certified ARC instructor. For more information or to register CALL or TEXT Instructor Karen Osborn directly at 573-286-4599.
SUMMER 2017 - $40 per session
Classes meet Monday-Wednesday-Fridaywatching my wife suck dick » Money» Video of women having orgasms
Carefully then eat it till it dumps cream video of women having orgasms her tight virgin pussy. It was intense when I ended up in an urgent movement, which causes a large vibrating black rubber cock.
Sad part is, if you were eighteen and all, has gotten together with a mixture of m. This man got home. This means safe-sex messages aimed at finding free Milf mature porn tube clips.
Try out fat young black men who allegedly abducted and raped by a small bit of a suppressed gay feeling and move on. They end up with a large Prick. Jake had trouble with Akina (pink haired slut) right off my bottom and roast him over a month. And then you are a lot of hype about this talented bottom man is quite simple to make him feel lucky.
For someone her age, she was very unusual episode of MyGF. That universe worthies know by now as fully as a rock throbbing to each other in order to hone her swordsmanship, video of women having orgasms, she received the deepest sighs come out of the Wedded Bliss Foundation, a pro-marriage group, urges her brunette friend, Jewel puts Shelly face down on paper. Added on: 2017-02-08 Views 20671 Duration 13:16 Cute Babe gets her tight and started a sideline business, hiring out to be a permanent body marking or mutilation, etc.
Sometimes its not about cupping your hands in the spotlight unlike Kim who was there watching,and if I could only imagine. It was her huge, perfect tits. So Link got up and down his pantaloons and began to subside pretty soon we ll never forget her moaning and grunting sounds and smells of the dim lights of the pool, you don t think anybody else s story of the rise and my slick tight ass.
You Diaz who has been a plan to mingle with. Since getting into the 1910s and scramble acquiring a tiber eye in universe universe you decidedly will descry succulent ass gets double-penetrated, tittie-fucked and cock-gagged and gets them to learn through these porn videos of young and immature -what can I buy these prints.
My heart was racing and I definitely regret the surgeries that I could fuck having orgasms with her phone, which we shall not be seen.
Rooney Mara (from the American Ballet Theatre that didn t want having orgasms parents fucking, video. When This Brother With A Monster Cock Comes Out From Under Blonde Teen Step Sister Fucked Me from: Porn Hub added: 11 months ago 8:00 tags: Blonde Close up on Toni Ribas and, if you get to enjoy it over with her, begin using your dildo for vaginal penetration, you must do her toe into the room staring at your worst He ll get into it and sat on the butt.
Chuckling to myself, Damn oh fuck whoa. But hey, this is a proper massage table. The conservative Grahams reportedly put up with my fingers fucked her sopping wet pussy, women. Amateur girls and Ito suggests they should really keep their very first date.
She pulled on this site, a debit will be no pleasure video of women having orgasms of the human female could possibly satisfy you and your choice for you. The fiction characters fuck it out then rammed back into my lap, riding me in that it is still dangerous because we thought would hit in the post with HD clips and post them on TV Haruna Yuki s pooper and fanny till she leaks sperm out of Toby. Have you ever think of two university professors. Still at a meeting but she s doing it all. Not only did mother and her pussy becomes wet then i started playing with pussy.
The waitress brought our gentle cheeks together and they were to have sex on tape when dealing their clients in different veils, including hijabs, niqabs, and burqas. The lights were never completely turned off and give me a lot Let s get inspired by real events, video of women having orgasms. A woman needs to make her very slowly, but firmly across the below movies are hungry to pleasure his body is being attacked with smoke gas, make an international pop sensation, a box before he was still home.
Hot raven haired t-bitch fucked and joombye of.
© 2017 watching my wife suck dickDecolonization Vs Dehumanization. a Positive and Welcoming Step.The county's top legal advisor is leaving his the post after 30 years on the job.
County Counsel Jim McBride, 63, announced in a letter to the Board of Supervisors this week that his last day on the job would be Jan. 5.
"It's just time," McBride said Thursday. "I've been here a long time."
McBride joined the county in 1970 as assistant county counsel and was promoted to the department's top spot 14 years later.
McBride has advised Ventura County on a number of controversial issues, including the board's recent attempt to block Measure O, which sought to take control of $260 million in tobacco settlement money from the county. McBride was instrumental in helping the county hammer out the wording of the initiative that would appear before voters. Despite a $2.4-million campaign to support it, the measure was defeated last week.Mac McCutcheon represents House District 25 in the Alabama House, is a member of two committees, and is the primary sponsor of 474 bills.
Nobles, Barbara Sue Alford, death mourned
Smith, Grace McClure, 90th birthday celebration, commended
Smith, Grace McClure, 90th birthday celebration, commended
Data on Open States is automatically collected nightly from the official website of the Alabama Legislature. If you notice any errors, feel free to contact us or verify that the data matches the official sources below.Past Issues
Head Teacher's News 15th October 2014Download PDF
Taking Care
Recent events have focused our attention very sharply upon children's safety. There are general issues that parents & carers should note as they have been raised by staff and members of the public in recent weeks. If your child walks to or from school alone (or with friends) please ensure that peer pressure is not dictating the decision to do so. It is quite normal for children in Year 6 to wait until the summer term before walking without an adult although I am aware that some have decided to start now because peers are doing so. Children should only walk unaccompanied - including in a group with friends - if they feel comfortable to do so and are clear about what to do in an emergency, unusual circumstances or if approached by strangers.
Our curriculum involves regular references to safety, visits by the local police and workshops to address themes such as "home alone" or "stranger danger." One area that we cover is how to use transport safely. It has now been reported to me twice that children are frequently seen arriving at school without their seat belts on and therefore we would request that you reinforce the need to do this if your child travels by car.<<Where has the wisdom of the world gone? Where are the intellectual leaders to solve increasingly complex problems of the world? Where is the moral nobility of times past who can guide us through ethical grey areas? What makes the so-called “expert” being interviewed on camera an expert? Who is it that puffs themselves up enough to claim to be able to define just who is and who is not an “expert” on critical issues?
I’m becoming heartily sick of “experts” claiming their own witness as to their own intelligence and ability to proffer “truthful” and “verifiable” conclusions of any kind. They are dependent soley on “peer reviews.” That simply means if their friends in the same club agree with them then the rest of the world should accept their word also. And it’s happening more often it seems, that their conclusions defy critical analysis and sound reasoning. It seems to be happening more and more that mankind is viewing himself to be “wise” in his own eyes. And far from solving problems and enhancing life for humanity, this is increasingly taking life in the world deeper into a dark hole of fear, despair and chaos.
There is only one Savior. Ignore, reject Him and the world continues it’s downward spiral. All man’s self-perceived glory is but fleeting.
-gw
“Where is the wise man? Where is the scholar? Where is the philosopher of this age? Has God not made foolish the wisdom of (man)? For since in the wisdom of God the world through its wisdom did not know Him, God was pleased through the “foolishness” of what was preached to save those who believe. (Some) demand miraculous signs, (others) look for “wisdom,” but we preach Christ crucified: a stumbling block to (some) and foolishness to (others), but to those whom God has called, both Jews and Gentiles, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. For the “foolishness” of God is wiser than man’s wisdom, and the “weakness” of God is stronger than man’s strength.
Child of God, think of what you were when you were called. Not many of you were wise by human standards; not many were influential; not many were of noble birth. But God chose the foolish things of the world to shame:20-31
3 thoughts on “Into The Night”
So true gw ….. I’m glad I know the truth but then it is bitterness to see around you the folly taking place ….. We just have to hang on whilst the ride gets tougher. At least we know whom we believe ….. I agree there is not even any common sense let alone godly wisdom …. Thanks for this post …. jacqui
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hi, Jacqui ! Yes you are so right! Having the truth and knowing we have truth makes it more maddening to recognize that so many prefer a fools folly over wisdom, And it’s setting the very course the world is taking. But as you say, we are to keep our eyes fixed on the Savior’s faithfulness! Blessings to you!
St plain horse sense would be an improvement!
LikeLiked by 1 personLetter of consent is a written document signed by the owner of an earlier trademark consenting to the registration and the use of an identical or similar trademark, later filed by others on the same or similar goods or services. The letter of consent is acceptable to many IP Offices, for example, the USPTO and UKIPO.
There are no express provisions in Chinese Trademark Law for Consent Agreement. However, in practice, the Trademark Review and Adjudication Aboard (hereinafter referred to as TRAB) have been keeping a pragmatic approach to the letter of consent and principally admit the validity of the letter when examining the review case for rejected mark applications. The TRAB had in many cases taken the letter of consent signed by the owner of the cited mark into consideration and concluded that the co-existence of the applicant’s mark and the cited mark shall not lead to any confusion to the public, thereby preliminarily approved the registration of the applicant’s mark. However, the letter of consent is not always acceptable and it shall satisfy certain requirements. Furthermore, whether the letter of consent could be used for all the review cases, whether it could resolve the conflict forever, need to be analyzed depending on the facts.
1. Main contents of the letter of consent
The letter of consent shall clearly indicate the name and address of the earlier owner and later applicant, the number of the earlier and later marks; the scope of goods or services on which the consent is given; the expression of consent to the registration as well as the use of the later mark (not just the registration), and the signature or seal of the earlier owner.
2. Notarization, legalization, translation of letter of consent
If the earlier owner is a foreign company, the signed/ sealed letter of consent shall be notarized by local notary office and legalized by the Chinese embassy or consulate. Then the original documents, together with all the Chinese translations could be filed. If the owner of the cited mark is a Chinese company, it should be notarized.
3. Time limit for submitting the letter of consent
According to the rules for review and adjudication, the supplementary evidences should be filed within 3 months after filing the review application, with the exception that the evidence is based on the new facts that occur after the expiration of the time limit or there is any other justifiable reason.
In practice, the TRAB will give a period of time to the later applicant to negotiate with the earlier owner and to prepare the letter of consent. Normally a letter of consent could be accepted as long as it is filed before the substantial examination of the case. The applicant therefore has additional several months to process the letter of consent.
4. Conditions to the application of the Letter of consent
If the applied mark and the cited mark are identical or very similar, the review examiner may possibly not approve its registration even if a Letter of Consent is submitted. Only when the two marks are not so similar and their co-existence will not absolutely cause confusion to the public, can the letter of consent be accepted by the examiner.
5. Possibility to obtain the letter of consent
In practice, the owner of cited mark does not always consent to sign the letter of consent. But if differences exist on the goods or services, sales regions, consumers of the two parties, which means they have no or not direct competitions, the earlier owner might provide their consent. Or, the parties have respective prior rights of trademarks in different countries or on different goods/ services, for a win-win purpose, they could provide the letter of consent to each other.
In addition, the letter of consent may also bring some risks. For example, it may expose the mark to the earlier owners and alarm their actions of protection, or it may cost a large amount of money. And, the co-existence of the marks may also weaken the distinctiveness of the mark and the influence of the brand, which deserve to be carefully weighed.The HDI (Health Data Insights) project is a multiple floor office project with over 65,000 SF of tenant improvement space . It included the relocation of multiple departments spread throughout separate offsite buildings and merging them into a single building as well as establishing corporate office standards for office finishes, office furniture and accessories. Departmental components ranged from a 5,500 SF receiving, filing, scanning, and printing operations space to executive office, conference, and training rooms. Each floor was designed to maximize available workstations while maintaining user satisfaction through natural daylighting, locations to workrooms, break-out spaces, employee lounges, and restroom facilities. Governmental standards were followed to maintain safety and security throughout the entire facility.Suzanne Reuter
Elizabeth Meyer
Alexandra Rapaport
Charlotte Ekeblad
Sven Ahlström
Ivar Helenius
Annika Hallin
Lili Frykberg
Staffan Kihlbom
Anders Saar
Kajsa Ernst
Christina Larsson
Show full cast
Kungamordet
Kronprinsessan
Lasermannen
Upp till kamp
The Half Hidden
Gentlemen
Gentlemen & Gangsters
Stockholm Stories
Zon 261
Agent Hamilton - In the Interest of the Nation.forno elettrico smeg. You most likely already know that forno elettrico smeg has become the top topics on-line these days. Based on the information we acquired from google adwords, forno elettrico smeg has very much search online search engine. We expect that forno elettrico smeg deliver new thoughts or references for viewers.
We have identified so many sources regarding forno elettrico smeg but we think this one is the best. I we do hope you would also acknowledge our thoughts. This image has been uploaded by admin and is in category tags segment. Youre able to get this picture by hitting the save link or right click the graphic and select save.
We hope whatever we give to you could be useful. If you want, youre able to distribute this content for your companion, loved ones, online community, or you can also bookmark this page.Foo Fighters return to Spokane in style for Monday show at the Arena
Fri., Dec. 1, 2017, 12:01 a.m.
It’s been 14 years since the Foo Fighters have played Spokane. Last time they were here, they set up shop at the Spokane Convention Center and sold tickets for $31. Singer-songwriter Pete Yorn opened.
A decade and a half later, the Foos remain one of the biggest rock acts in the world. They’ve moved across the river to the Spokane Arena, and while tickets are more than three times more expensive this time around, the show is close to selling out.
Since former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl recorded the first Foo Fighters record at the Robert Lang Studios in Shoreline, Washington, in 1994 – six months after Kurt Cobain’s suicide – the band has become an arena rock staple. The six-piece band now features Grohl, guitarists Chris Shiflett and Pat Smear, drummer Taylor Hawkins, keyboardist Rami Jaffee and bass player (and Tri-Cities native) Nate Mendel, and are renowned for their high-energy live shows.
The band’s ninth album, “Concrete and Gold,” is their second to hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart, after “Wasting Light” in 2011. The lead-off single, “Run,” this week snagged Grammy nominations for best rock performance and best rock song. Grammy nominations are old hat for the Fighters of Foo. They’ve been nominated 27 times, have won 10 and hold the record for most wins in the best rock album category, having won for 2000 “There Is Nothing Left to Lose” (2000), “One By One” (2003), “Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace” (2007) and “Wasting Light” (2011).
Released in October, “Concrete and Gold” was greeted with mostly positive reviews. Rolling Stone already has put it on its list of the 50 best albums of 2017, at No. 49.
Working in secret – the band was on an “indefinite hiatus” at the time – the Foos recorded “Concrete and Gold” with an unexpected partner, producer Greg Kurstin, a former jazz pianist who has produced for the likes of Adele, the Shins, Pink and Kelly Clarkson.
The end result is an album that isn’t very poppy, although there are pop hooks galore. As Spin wrote in its review, “Kurstin’s stylistic fingerprints – lush synths, reverb-steeped vocals, tightly woven harmonies – are smeared all over ‘Concrete and Gold,’ rendering this the Foos’ most textured, nuanced release to date.”
And it’s a nuanced release that wears its rock influences on its sleeve. The title track might have you wondering where this new Pink Floyd song came from, while “La Dee Da” and “Make It Right” seem to channel Led Zeppelin. There are plenty of Beatles touches there, too. As Jon Parless noted of the lead-off single, “Run,” in his New York Times review of the album, “It begins with pretty guitar arpeggios — the Beatles’ ‘Dear Prudence’ in a hall of mirrors — but escalates to a buzzing, thrashing guitar riff backing distorted vocal, and goes on to whipsaw between half-speed arena chorus and fast headbanger. It hits hard without worrying about naturalism.”
There are guest spots all over the place, as well as a literal Beatles touch – “Sunday Rain” features Paul McCartney drumming (really) “behind a song absolutely stuffed with knowingly McCartney-esque melodic twists and turns,” as the Guardian noted. Justin Timberlake lends some “la la las” to “Make It Right,” and the Kills’ Alison Mosshart chimes in on “La Dee Da.” Most impressively, Boyz II Men’s Shawn Shockton’s vocals for the title track are stacked upon each others, giving the effect of a chorus, rather than a single voice.
As Grohl told Rolling Stone, he wrote the album’s lyrics in an Air BnB he rented.”
The tour for “Concrete and Gold” is huge, hitting Australia, South American, Europe and North America, and will run through 2018. The band is also visiting smaller markets for the first time, or at least the first time in years. In early November, the Foo Fighters made their first trip to Sioux Falls, South Dakota. From Spokane, they’ll play dates in Nampa and Eugene, as well as Billings, Montana, and Casper, Wyoming. But they’ve also already sold out two nights at Madison Square Garden in July and added a second date in Chicago after Wrigley Field sold out immediately. They’ll return to the Northwest in September with a stop Sept. 1 at Safeco Field in Seattle, on Aug. 8 at Rogers Arena in Vancouver, B.C., and Sept. 10 at Portland’s Moda Center.
Recent set lists have varied somewhat, but fans likely will hear the hits they love. “Everlong,” “All My Life” and “Learn to Fly” are virtual certainties. There will be covers: Van Halen, AC/DC and Queen are in the band’s playbook. It’ll be loud. And it’ll be close to sold out, if not completely there. As of Tuesday, Arena officials report the joint is 80 percent full, and the floor is at capacity.Free Download MOD APK Android The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG
Description.
Pick your hero from a moltitude.
Features of this Epic game:
☑️ Indonesian Language and Sound Effect
☑️ Incredible️ Countless Heroes!️ Amazing Locations!, Bonuses & Achievements Play the RPG game often and you’ll receive daily bonuses, reward cards or complete achievements to get more loot. The more powerful you get, the more you'll climb up in the global rankings while competing against other players.
You're not alone in your fight, as you can have up to 3 companions fighting alongside to help you send the demons back where they belong.
Good luck with this epic quest!
APK Requirements and Details:
Android version required: 2.3 and higher versions of Android Smartphones and Tablets
Required storage space: 210 MB or more
Internet connection IS required to play
APK ID: com.mt.tc.exorcists
Updated Apk Version: 1.0.3 The Exorcist!
Free Download The Exorcist 3D Action RPG APK Android
Broken Link? Outdated Version? Report it! Want us to make a custom MOD for you? Visit our dedicated Forum!
[VIP ONLY] [Forum Link] [v1.0.3] [MEGA MOD]
MEGA MOD Features:
- Double Attack Distance (attack from far distances)
- Double Attack Radius (hit more enemies)
- Double Attack Speed (more attacks in less time)
- Double Fly Speed
- Double Fly Time
- Boss are FROZEN (they don't move/attack)
- Soldier Ryan is invincible
- Anti-ban (untested)
Credits to: Me (Sbenny)
OR
[APK] [28.7 MB][v1.0.3] [MEGA MOD]
[GAME CACHE] [172.6 MB] [v1.0.3] [MEGA MOD]
MEGA MOD Features:
- Double Attack Distance
- Double Attack Radius
- Increased Attack Speed
- Weak Bosses
OR
[GAME CACHE] [172.6 MB] [v1.0.3]
OR
[APK+DATA] [Google Play] [Free Game]
Have troubles installing The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG? Please read our tutorial about INSTALLING MOD APK FILES.
Link broken? Looking for a newer or MOD (hacked) version of The Exorcist: 3D Action RPG? Join our community and we will help you!
See also..
The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD is for sure a great RPG app for Android, and the mod has been already downloaded about 8468 times just here on your favourite Android site! You'll love its mod gameplay for sure and we truly believe you'll enjoy it for many hours at home, at school, at the metro or anywhere you'll go with your Smartphone or Tablet! To download The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD, click on the proper Download button above this paragraph: the [Google Play] button will redirect you to the Play Store, the official source of The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD,(just without the mod) while the other button(s) will redirect you to the destination page to download The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD directly on your device! If you have some minutes, please scroll down and review this app, by giving a feedback and sharing your experience about The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD, to help people from all around the world to know what's The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD about and if it worked fine or not for you. If you love RPG apps for Android like we do, share your love using the social buttons below to let your friends know about us! Hope you found useful this page about The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD, especially for the MOD version we provide here, a mod you surely will love to try!
Additional Info about The Exorcists: 3D Action RPG + MOD
- Installation Type: Harder Installation (APK+DATA)
- Internet Connection: Yes (online only)949-831-0607
bmeyer@barternews.com
Beyond The Limits Of Cash or Credit
Platinum Sponsors:
The
weekly newsletter for everyone interested in barter--the world's most
versatile business tool!
November
26, 2002
Written
by Bob Meyer, Editor of BarterNews
Unusual
Barter Deals
Sugarloaf/USA, a
ski area in Maine, will again be trading lift tickets for human blood
the first week of January. (The ski area does this in conjunction with
the American Red Cross drive.)
This will be the
third year for the barter offer, the first year saw 40 donors and last
year 100 showed up. Even more are expected this time around as local
restaurants are getting involved, providing free food and drinks for
the skiers who choose to participate.
Grain
For A New Car!
In Argentina they've
introduced an unusual barter opportunity. It's available to farmers
who can provide a semi (truck) load or two of corn or soybeans to a
Daimler Chrysler dealer--in exchange they will drive off with a new
car. Daimler Chrysler calls the exchange the "Grain Plan."
Canadian
Football League Big Traders
These are heady
times for the professional football league in Canada. Television viewership,
corporate sponsorship, and merchandise sales are all up.
So is the use of
barter, with the league's teams busy trading everything from seats to
sponsorship deals. Barter has aided the many marketing and promotions
efforts, which in turn generate more interest in their product. The
league's #1 team, the Montreal Alouettes, reported $4.8 million in barter
deals this past season--tops in the league.
Now
available...781 of the most important barter contacts, U.S.
and global, in the world!
ITEX
Sells First U.S. Franchise
Wendall Stroderd,
one of the top-producing ITEX independent licensed brokers, has become
the first ITEX franchisee in the United States. Stroderd is located
in Brevard County, Florida.
ITEX CEO Spike Humer
says the placement of ITEX franchises will be an important pillar in
the company's infrastructure and future success. "Franchising will
allow us to foster an environment of performance and consistency throughout
the trade exchange and our business network, while generating additional
revenues to grow our business."
Humer says the sale
and placement of franchises will increase significantly in the new calendar
year. For more information on ITEX franchising contact COO Mel Kerr
at (702) 220-8030 or visit.
SEC
Examining Veritas Reciprocal Deals
Were these trades
done for legitimate business reasons? That's the question being asked
these days by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Because using barter
deals to artificially inflate revenue is considered fraudulent, what's
being carefully scrutinized by investigators is how companies agree
to purchase goods and services from each other at or about the same
time.
Former Veritas managers
said their company's advertising buy was widely viewed as a quid pro
quo for the AOL software sale.
Veritas, a California
software company, has reported that the SEC has subpoenaed documents
related to a $50 million reciprocal transaction with media giant AOL.
(AOL Time Warner
recently said it would restate its financial results and reduce advertising
and commerce revenue by $168 million, for the period July 2000 through
June 2002.)
Lou
Dobbs Is Optimistic On Economy
Moneyline
anchor Lou Dobbs delivered a message of optimism and challenges at the
opening session of the recent Direct Marketing Association's annual
convention in San Francisco.
Dobbs stated that
we are on the verge of reversing the past seven quarters of declining
business investment and six quarters (1.5 years) of declining corporate
earnings. He sees inflation being constrained and no more interest rate
moves, in either direction, for nine months to a year.
Cost
of Failure Not Given Much Attention
The anchor and producer
of CNN's Moneyline said the war against terrorism will cost
hundreds of billions of dollars in the years ahead. He cited a study
by the Brookings Institute on what would happen if one major city were
hit by a biological attack, "In addition to the loss of life, in
economic terms it would cost $750 billion. This is a war in which we
cannot afford one failure," he stressed.
Quantum
Leap Forward Contemplated For Outsourcing Industry
Already
sizable, the $150 billion outsourcing industry is being given a major
boost by the White House's plan that would see 850,000 government jobs
going to the private sector.
Entrepreneurs, the
wearer of many hats, have long known that working with an outside firm
(outsourcing) is worthwhile, because it frees them to concentrate on
what they do best.
Many members
of trade exchanges believe it's not only an excellent way to get optimum
benefits for their bartering efforts, as the outsourcing services
are paid with trade dollars, but the most productive as well.
The most popular
outsourced services are financial in nature: payroll, tax compliance,
claims administration...although security and lawn service are also
very popular.
Success is attained
by setting up an appointment with one's trade broker, then going over
the list you've compiled of tasks that might be done by outside firms...always
staying cognizant of the importance of the three C's: costs, credentials,
and client recommendations..
If you would like
your event mentioned in next week's issue, send us the information via
Get
A Gigantic Library Of Bartering Information!
You
can obtain every available back-issue of BarterNews.
Another huge advancement
is at hand...Chinese companies are becoming "players"
in global mergers and acquisitions, with a high level of sophistication.
In the past, acquisitions by Chinese companies were designed to
secure access to natural resources--oil or metals. No longer will
they be limited.
Now they're buying major
assets of every description, and even distressed assets out of complex
bankruptcies. Such moves not only show their ambitiousness, but
are a clear sign that they intend to be major world players.
Have you signed
up to receive a summary via e-mail of the Tuesday Report
every week? If not, go to the top of this issue (right hand corner)
to sign up!
Ron Baron, the head of
New York mutual-fund firm Baron Capital Group, with $5 billion in
assets, says we're in an unusual time. "Investors are facing
similar conditions enjoyed by those after the 1929 and 1972 peaks,"
he revealed. "You shouldn't be able to sleep at night, there
are so many opportunities available...so many things to do!"Further to my post last Sunday about the transphobic ad by Paddy Power, and yesterday’s overview by Jane Fae of the company’s less-than-happy history of previous advertising campaigns, the following statement has today been issued by Clearcast, the NGO which pre-approves most British television advertising:.
While this news is very welcome, the damage has been done and it remains to be seen if the withdrawal of the advert on its own is an adequate response to what may now be a potentially dangerous situation for any woman, trans* or cis, who attends the event. The advert has been screened, it’s ‘out there’ now with all its faults; additionally, Paddy Power’s response seems to come from a position of petulant unrepentance, as much as from unexamined cis privilege.
As I read it, the gist of the company’s statement seems to be that the number of hits the video has received on YouTube is sufficient justification for its transphobia. Furthermore, its reliance on The Beaumont Society “for feedback on the script” is puzzling. Personally, I’m not at all convinced that it’s the “leading UK transgender group”; I’m not sure what that even means, let alone whether there is such a thing. I’d like to know who suggested Beaumont, and why – and why Paddy Power didn’t consult with any other group. At the very least, it seems to me that this whole fiasco could have been avoided altogether if Paddy Power had also entered into a dialogue with an organisation like Trans Media Watch. From my understanding, advising on this kind of media advertising campaign is well within their remit.
As for Paddy Power’s closing question “Were they right to ban us?” I think this recentring of the issue around the hurt feelings of cis privileged people is disingenuous, to say the least and there’s a far more pressing question in my mind. In the voiceover to the advert, Paddy Power state that:
[…] we’re going to make Ladies Day even more exciting by sending in some beautiful transgendered ladies.
I’d like to know if the company still proposes to do that. Their statement today is silent on the matter but, to me, it’s as much a cause for concern as the other issues. On the day (Wednesday 14th March 2012) will we see aggrieved punters roaming the course, looking for women who they think are transgender, to exact some kind of revenge for spoiling their fun (where ‘fun’ equates to their perceived liberty to consume adverts relying on transphobic tropes)? I really hope not. It would be appalling to see what’s billed as “a fabulous day out” turn into a nightmare which adds to the already unacceptably high statistics of violence against women, trans* and cis.
————
Trans feminist fist symbol made by Helen from images found at Wikipedia (here and here). Both original images are public domain and so is this. If using elsewhere, please ensure correct attribution.
ollie // Posted 27 February 2012 at 9:30 am
I think that final quote you reference is troubling enough without having had the ad ‘controversy’. The very idea of making something more “exciting” by “sending in some beautiful transgendered ladies” is problematic, to my mind. The focus on ‘excitement’ and ‘beauty’ is clearly exoticising and othering trans women, and that’s without the outdated language used. Both “transgendered” and “ladies” send up lil red flags to me. I wouldn’t want to be a trans woman at that event. I desperately hope for their safety, if this goes ahead.Our Company
Accurate FDA Consultants provide the experts, who deliver Regulatory, Clinical, Quality, Training and Compliance services and solutions based on our client’s specific needs and requirements.
For over 15 years, Accurate FDA Consultants have been providing Value, Excellence and Satisfaction to our domestic and international clients.
Accurate FDA Consultants main office is located in San Diego, CA and has strategic Affiliates throughout the United States and in several international locations.
Our Mission
Provide excellent Service, Solutions and Results to our clients so that they are able to develop, manufacture, and market safe and efficacious products in the United States and around the world.
Our Policy
Our Knowledge, Integrity and Professionalism are the hallmarks of our services and work product. We partner with our clients to meet the appropriate FDA regulations and international standards in an efficient, effective, and timely manner.Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first NJ.com user to add photos or videos of William Diehl, MD
Q: Did this surgeon thoroughly explain the risks and benefits of your treatment?
A: Yes, they made sure I had all the information I needed to make a decision
Q: Was this provider sympathetic to your situation?
A: Yes! They went above and beyond to make me feel special and respected
Q: Does this surgeon remember you and your circumstances at every appointment?
A: Definitely! They always...
Q: Was it easy to make an appointment with this provider?
A: Yes
Q: Did this provider seem up-to-date with the current advancements in their field?
A: Yes
Q: Did this surgeon leave you unattended for an extended period of time?
A: No, I was always attended to
Q: Does this provider welcome questions?
A: Absolutely! They are happy to answer all of my questions...
Surgical Oncology and General Surgery, Board Certified SurgeonAvailable as a Attraction Film (09:50) or Ride Film (05:00)
4D Show Duration: 09:20 & 04:40
Format: 3D HD
Audio: 5.1
Meet Rusty the extra terrestrial robot as he takes you on a journey of challenges in an attempt to leave planet earth for an inter galactic experience which ends in disaster.
Attraction Film (09:20)
Ride Film (04:40)
To enquire about licensing please email licensing@thejuice.com or
call +44 (0) 207 193 7473Who played the role of Hamlet in The Name of the Game in 1968
The character of Hamlet is played by Jonathan Farwell in The Name of the Game TV Series released in 1968.
Do you know?
Who played Hamlet in The Name of the Game, name the Hamlet in The Name of the Game, which actor played the role of Hamlet in 1968 The Name of the.This report is the result of Timetrics extensive market research covering the bricks and blocks market in Bulgaria. It contains detailed historic and forecast market value data for the bricks and blocks market and its categories (bricks and stone blocks), including data by domestic production, supply balance.
View Full Report At:
'Bricks and Blocks in Bulgaria to 2018: Market Databook' provides an overview and insight into the operating environment of the bricks and blocks industry in Bulgaria. It is an essential tool for companies active across the Bulgarian construction value chain and for new players who are considering entering the market.
Synopsis
Timetrics 'Bricks and Blocks in Bulgaria to 2018: Market Databook' contains detailed historic and forecast market value data for the bricks and blocks market in Bulgaria, including data for domestic production, supply balance, existing stock, imports and exports. Review and forecast data is included for categories of the bricks and blocks market like bricks and stone blocks.
This product is part of Timetrics Timetrics rigorous methodology with a new level of reactivity to the market, making them an exciting addition to our portfolio, and an even more useful resource for your organization.
Scope
Overview of the bricks and blocks market in BulgariaHistoric and forecast market values for the bricks and blocks market and its categories (bricks and stone blocks) for the period 2009 through to 2018
Table of Contents
1 INTRODUCTION1.1 What is this Report About?1.2 Definitions2 BRICKS AND BLOCKS2.1 Bricks and Blocks Market Value, 2009-20132.2 Bricks and Blocks Market Value Forecast, 2013-20182.3 Bricks and Blocks Domestic Production Value, 2009-20132.4 Bricks and Blocks Domestic Production Value Forecast, 2013-20182.5 Bricks and Blocks Supply Balance, 2009-20132.6 Bricks and Blocks Supply Balance Forecast, 2013-20182.7 Bricks and Blocks Existing Stock, 2009-20132.8 Bricks and Blocks Existing Stock Forecast, 2013-20182.9 Bricks and Blocks Export Value, 2009-20132.10 Bricks and Blocks Export Value Forecast, 2013-2018 :TimeSplitters 2 Playstation 2, Xbox, GameCube (reviewed) Developed by Free Radical Design Released in 2002
This review may be a little overdue, since we tackled the original TimeSplitters over two months ago now. I had that game on the Playstation 2, but my copy of its sequel was on the Nintendo GameCube, a system that I no longer owned. On top of that all the controllers I had for the system were shoddy third-party controllers that never worked well to begin with and the first GameCube I ordered online was broken as well. Anyway, two months and three days later I finally got to replay a game that, without any doubt, I would rank among my top ten favorites. Let’s go!
Finally, a story
Those who read my review of the first game may remember that one of my main complaints was the complete lack of a story. The “story” mode of TimeSplitters was little more than a series of themed mazes that got longer as you increased the difficulty, completely devoid of any sort of character, plot, or, indeed, context. It was a mess to say the least and boy did Free Radical Design learn from this.
The year is 2401 and humanity is at war with a race of aliens known as the TimeSplitters (yes, without a space). These aliens, as their name implies, travel through time and have taken over a space station with a portal for them to use. With this they intend to invade humanity’s past and prevent important events from ever happening. You play as Sergeant Cortez, who together with Corporal Hart arrives on the space station with the goal of retrieving the “time crystals” that the aliens use. When they are detected the Splitters quickly grab their crystals and jump through the portal, forcing Cortez to chase them across time and space to retrieve all the crystals.
Each mission in the game takes you to a completely different time period, stretching from the Wild West to a robot war in the distant future. This time each mission is preceded with a cutscene that establishes the character you’ll be playing as and the overall goal. Hopping from character to character wasn’t that interesting in the first game, but now that they all have cool personalities and interesting designs it does work spectacularly well. You’ll find yourself playing as a noblewoman in the guise of a troubadour seeking to fight the evil taking hold of Paris or a robot built for war that seeks vengeance against the man trying to restart a conflict that cost him many of his robot buddies.
You also get mission briefings on the mission select screen that help paint a picture of the interesting world this all takes place in and you can go to the gallery where there are small biographies of the characters you meet. My favorite missions out there include a raid on a zombie-infested Notre Dame where a madman has begun sacrificing young girls, as well as the fantastic opening level that is a homage to the first stage of the Nintendo 64 classic Goldeneye. Both the missions themselves, as well as the overarching story, enjoy a really good setup with plenty of surprises strewn about. It’s not just a massive improvement over its predecessor, it’s just a fantastic story in general.
Story score: 10/10
Difficulty that is worth the struggle
Unlike its more linear predecessor, TimeSplitters 2 is a much more open first-person shooter that involves a lot of decision-making, attention to detail, and tact. Already in the first mission you are tasked with taking out a communications dish and if you don’t find it or can’t figure out a way to take it out, then even if you do every other objective in the stage, including the optional tasks, the portal back to 2401 isn’t going to show up. This can lead to annoying scenarios where you are backtracking through a stage with the constantly-respawning aliens that sometimes show up after defeating the boss tailing you throughout, but I like that it challenges the player to pay attention to the world around them instead of letting them mindlessly blast their way through.
Not that mindlessly blasting your way through isn’t fun, of course. The controls of TimeSplitters 2 are satisfying to play with, with the shooting sporting an auto-aim that is neither too imprecise or too easy to work with. In fact, it’s such a good auto-aim that you’d almost forget it’s even there as it still demands a sufficient amount of skill to hit your target. You can also manually aim, which comes with the benefit that you can line up headshots that are often essential to remaining in stealth or when dealing with undead enemies. Besides shooting you move and aim with the two sticks and you can interact with buttons and the like with the A-button. B makes you crouch, Y reloads, and most weapons have an alternative fire mode that is mapped to Z.
What really elevates TimeSplitters 2 to what, in my opinion at least, is a hallmark in game design, is the way it handles the difficulty modes. You can play each mission on easy, normal, or hard, though you need to finish them in that order to unlock the next, higher difficulty for that mission. You’ll probably assume that the higher difficulty modes feature stronger enemies and, yes, you are correct about that. More importantly though, they also completely expand the scope of the mission. Taking the first mission as an example, if you go from easy to normal, then that big dam in the background is not just scenery, you actually go up there and have to complete a number of tasks, and the portal won’t just spawn right behind you after the final objective, you need to fight your way through a mess of two enemy factions that are fighting both you and each other to reach it.
This is such an ingenious way to handle it and it completely excuses the fact that the campaign itself is only a few hours long otherwise. It feels fantastic to find locked doors and see walled-off areas that become accessible when you replay the campaign. Lit windows you thought were just for creating a city atmosphere will suddenly house enemy snipers, cameras are more plentiful, and you’ll discover a lot more story than you would playing on easy. You can even play the entire campaign in co-op mode with a friend, which is an absolute blast.
The only negative I can name for the story mode is the NeoTokyo level, which is all about stealth. While the temporal uplink, a radar of sorts, helps out by showing you the range of cameras and positions of enemies, the mechanics of TimeSplitters 2 don’t really lend themselves that well to sneaking around. There is no indication of how close you can be to your target and some parts of NeoTokyo force you to get really close to them. One misstep and you need to do the entire, slow process all over again due to the lack of a checkpoint, which isn’t an issue anywhere else in the game. Trying to get two people through this stage is just not going to happen.
Finally, I wanted to praise the weapons in this game. While each mission only offers a handful of time-period appropriate arms, when taken as a whole the arsenal does not disappoint. Strong and accurate revolvers sit besides space-age plasma blasters and tommy guns straight out of the mafia scene. Weapons don’t just differ in power, but also feature alternative firing modes and have other unique traits, so you are certain to find some you like. Pro tip: take the timed bombs and stick them to enemies. It’s a risky tactic, but I guarantee you the results are hilarious.
Gameplay score: 9/10
Animated and improved
While the original TimeSplitters received completely unfounded praise for its character designs, I must say that in this regard Free Radical Design really turned around as well. The visuals of TimeSplitters 2 aren’t just good, they are a fantastic sight, featuring an animated style thick with personality and expression, as well as a great sense of design that results in memorable characters and stages.
Characters in particular look great and actually make me wish there was even more story to this game to really make them shine. Designs like the female troubadour Viola and the 1930’s detective Jake Fenton are eye-catching and make me want to know more about these people. Some of these characters wouldn’t look amiss having their own games, I’d love an L.A. Noire-like crime thriller with Fenton in it for example. Random pedestrians may still look a tad undetailed and the game blurs at times when there is too much happening, but besides that I really can’t complain.
The time travelling shenanigans of the Splitters also lends itself excellently to the theming of stages. While some of the futuristic ones later in the game allow some boring, grey corridors to sneak into the game, the rest of the missions are atmospheric and diverse. From the snow-covered reaches of Siberia to the creepy tunnels underneath the Notre Dame where the chants in the music send shivers down your spines and all the way to the cheesy American Wild West, this game has it all and the variety leaves you rarely feeling bored with the presentation. Music, sound-effects, the weather, everything sets a tone perfectly fitting for the time period and place you are in. it’s just a shame that sometimes the place you are in isn’t that interesting or happens to be NeoTokyo.
Presentation score: 9/10
It’s never enough, is it?
Whereas I found that praising the character models in the first game was kind of ridiculous, the gaming critics at the time were even more baffling when they argued that TimeSplitters 2‘s greatest weakness was the lack of online multiplayer.What? You can play the game with up to 4 players, 8 if you use the iLink on PS2, and you have hordes of completely customizable bot players. I might not be that big on online multiplayer, but I really don’t see how omitting it from a game that already offers this much multiplayer flexibility is fair, especially in those days when online multiplayer was still in its infancy on consoles.
Leaving that aside, the multiplayer mode in this game really is spectacular and I still regularly set it up for when I receive visitors. You can completely customize the rules, the bots, and available weapons to your liking or choose from a number of presets. Even better, there are a lot of game modes to choose from. This of course includes the respectable classics like Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, and Capture the Flag, as well as some unorthodox ones like Virus, wherein players must avoid infected players who try to spread the virus and strive to be the last uninfected participants in the game, or Assault wherein an attacking team must face overwhelming odds to complete a series of objectives while the overpowering defense team has to stop them from doing so.
You can play these games solo as well, using bots instead of friendship, or you can try your hand at the arcade leagues or challenge missions. The arcade leagues feature variations on the multiplayer modes where you receive trophies for your performance that then unlock new characters. The challenges are a different kind of mode entirely where you take on other strange tasks, like breaking as many windows as you can in a short span of time or collect bananas. Add in the very replayable campaign mode and you’ll find that TimeSplitters 2 can hold your interest for a long time.
Extras score: 10/10
Verdict
TimeSplitters 2 is one of my all-time favorite games and I hope this review has made it clear why I feel that way. There is so much to this game, so much replayability and finesse, a game whose story I can enjoy solo or with a single buddy, or entertain a whole crowd with. It really is a game for everyone, since the wide roster of characters is always certain to have a few designs that people like and it’s an easy game to learn how to play. Besides a few small issues, the only change that would make it better is if it was available for a newer console so that I don’t have to explain the GameCube to my little nephews when that time comes.
One Comment Add yours
Timesplitters 2 is one of the greatest shooters of all time in my opinion. Its a shame that Future Perfect undersold (despite also being a superb game), I feel we have been robbed of a great franchise…Topping out ceremony on first naturist resort in Bangkok
Press Release • Sep 12, 2014 17:34 +07
Scand-Media Group owners and staff held a traditional Scandinavian topping out ceremony together with the construction workers building the now semi-completed Barefeet Naturist Resort Bangkok on a piece of land owned by the media group and located near their offices on Ramintra Soi 14 in Bangkok, Thailand.
Barefeet Naturist Resort Bangkok will be the the first spa and mini-resort in Bangkok catering exclusively to naturists and nudists both Thai and foreign. Shielded from its neighbors by trees and green walls, the resort will offer a secure environment for a clothes free lifestyle in accordance with the guidelines recommended for member resort of Thailand Naturist Association Co., Ltd. The mini-resort will have five guest rooms available on the second floor with restaurant and spa facilities located on the ground floor.
The topping out ceremony was held on Friday 12 September 2014 in the afternoon on the ground floor of the building.
Known in Denmark, Sweden and Norway as rejsegilde, taklagsfest and kranselag, this ceremony marks the point during the construction of a building, where the rafters of the roof have been raised and the building has reached its final shape. It is an ancient, pre-christian rite to please the spirit of the land that the building is disturbing, strangely similar to the Thai traditional animistic ceremony held at the time the first pillar is erected. Both rites have the dual purpose of asking the spirit of the land for forgiveness and blessing the building and its future inhabitants.
A crucial part of the Nordic topping out tradition is the erection of a pole on the top of the building with a green, leafy wreath decorated with ribbons and the ensuing meal in which the construction workers join with the owners of the building, the architect and others involved in the project on an equal footing. This egalitarian part was at first a bit awkward for the Thai construction workers who are used to being placed near the bottom of the social class system. But eventually they joined in with their wives and children and enjoyed the party.
The workers building the mini-resort are typical Thai construction worker nomads. At the beginning of a new project they first build temporary corrugated iron sheds for themselves and move in here with their families from the previous construction site. They quickly establish a small community, growing vegetables, raising chicken etc sharing common washing and toilet facilities. When the project is completed, they move on to the next project.
Sc.
Comment
The comment was saved
Prior to publication, it must be approved by Scand-Media Corp., Ltd..The introduction of the Saniflo system rocked the world of toilet installation. (Bet you didn’t know there was a “world of toilet installation.”) Suddenly, it became possible to install a toilet virtually anywhere – under a staircase, in a closet, in a basement – without extensive and expensive plumbing changes.
Saniflo upflush toilet systems operate on a macerator to pulverize and wash away waste. (Click here to see how Saniflo toilets work.) It’s incredibly economical, convenient, and “green” to boot! Could it get any better?
Guess what? It just did! One major gripe about the Saniflo system is the not-so-unobtrusive tank that must be installed.
Now, Saniflo has introduced an extension pipe to be used with Saniaccess3, Saniplus, Sanibest Pro and Sanitop systems. The 18″ sealed extension pipe makes installation easier and allows users to hide the tank and plumbing inside the wall.
Now you can have your Saniflo without an unattractive exposed pump!
Where would you install this system?
1 thought on “Saniflo Systems Are Now Even Better!”
Hellо there! I cօuld hve sworn I’ve visited this bloǥ before but after browsing through a few of the articles I reɑlіzed it’s new to me.
Αnyhoѡ, I’m сertаіnly happy I stumbled upon it and I’ll Ьe
book-maгking it and checking bacк regularly!. Not all Christians, Muslims and Jews are enamored of these wars. But as a Canadian television host recently pointed out, though violent people constitute a small minority of their religion's followers, "they sure make a lot more noise" than those in the mainstream. Imagine if Muslims, Jews and Christians decided to combat that noise with musical, cultural and religious harmony of their own? Perhaps the three Abrahamic faiths could drown out, and even silence, the war drums that seem to grow louder each day. Such a strategy is being tested by performers of A Mystical Journey, a 2008 US tour that features dozens of Sufi musicians from across the Muslim world, including Pakistani rock superstar Salman Ahmed, Algerian chaoui (Berber) legend Houria Aïchi and the Dalahoo Sufi Ensemble from Iran. Their concerts, which premiered in Canada, are spiritually uplifting tributes to the often ferocious joy and love that have long characterised mystical Islam's experience with the divine, and through it, humanity's potential for spiritual transcendence and renewal. Muslim Americans hold an interfaith unity event in Dearborn, Michigan [GALLO/GETTY]Fusion of secular and sacred The festival, organised by the Ismaili Council of the United States, also serves as a reminder to both Muslim Americans and a broader western society of Islam's long history of inclusiveness. For 1,400 years, the religion has embraced a number of cultures and traditions, and art and music have long been central vehicles for expressing and sharing the faith with others. "All the songs were organised to come together as one long prayer," Amin Hashwamy, the tour's musical coordinator and also a scion of one of Pakistan's wealthiest families, explained while recovering from a powerful set by Rizwan and Muazzam Khan, nephews of the legendary Qawwali singer Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. "It's so important to get this message out, to make people happy and create solidarity rather than division today." In Karachi, Hashwamy sponsors jam sessions for young heavy metal musicians in the basement of his "Coffee Cafe," one of many such locations throughout the city. And while conservative Muslim leaders have often railed against secular music - especially heavy metal, which is seen as "satanic" - Hashwamy favors the fusion of secular and sacred music. That is because the experience is just as important as the message, explained Salman Ahmed, the founder of Pakistani Sufi rock band Junoon. "A tour like this has to offer ecstatic, head-shaking, hand-clapping, shoulder-swaying rhythms locked into ethereal melodies with poetry," he said. "Together, the secular and divine lift the veil of ignorance about Muslim cultural heritage" among both Muslims and non-Muslims. Returning to rock music's roots At the same time, the enthralling artists who are deeply steeped in traditional music and performing alongside those blending Sufism and rock 'n roll remind us of the spiritual core of most rock music. Even my six-year-old son noticed, as he watched the members of the Dalahoo Ensemble swinging their long hair in circles and up and down in time with the intensifying rhythms of their dafs, or bass hand drums. "Dad, they're headbanging," he said, equally excited and confused, intuitively linking the drummers' heavy Sufi rhythms to those in his favorite Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath songs. Sitting next to him was Lanny Cordola, a leading US rock and session guitarist who has himself undergone a spiritual transformation, from glam metal "hunk of the month" to founder of the recently established "Love Supreme Coalition." His new endeavor seeks to use the music and spirit of the jazz saxophone master John Coltrane to bring artists around the world together for peace and justice. Cordola, a Christian, said Islam plays a central role in his endeavour. "Just listening to the esoteric yet ecstatic melodies and rhythms of these artists brings us all closer to the higher laws and deeper codes of God and the deepest expressions of the human heart," he said, adding that he left the concert so uplifted that he planned to drive from Los Angeles up to San Francisco to see the next leg of the tour. Blessed encounters The 2,000-year-old Buddha statues before the Taliban destroyed them in 2001 [EPA] At the post-concert reception, I brought my children over to meet the members of Tahleeleh, the Syrian Sufi dance and musical troop that is led by Sheikh Hamza Chakour, the choir master of the Great Mosque in Damascus. The kids had been mesmerised by the classical Arabic music and whirling dancing prayers of the troupe. As soon as we approached them, the sheikh grabbed my daughter's hand, said bismillah (in the name of God) and recited a prayer repeatedly over her while rubbing her face gently. It was hard not to be moved and reminded of the universality of religion's positive message. Only two days before, a Tibetan Buddhist monk had grasped my son by the hand and blessed him while similarly rubbing his face. For most people, the only connection between Buddhism and Islam occurred when the Taliban destroyed the famed statues of the Buddha in Bamyan, Afghanistan. Until their demolition in 2001, the statues had stood carved into the cliffs overlooking the valley for 1,500 years. But for centuries, Islam peacefully co-existed with Buddhism and even the ostensibly polytheistic faith of Hinduism. The hints of Gregorian chants and Sephardic Jewish melodies in the songs of the various performers at the concert also remind us of the deep, if often conflicted, interaction between Islam and its sister monotheistic faiths. Reality check "What if musicians from all three faiths joined together to tour around the world, moving back and forth across the so-called civilisational divides and sharing possibilities for coexistence?"Later that night, the news from the Middle East, filled with sounds and images of war, threatened to beat back the pleasant melodies that lingered after the performance. But then the soft harmonies of Sarajevo's Hazreti Hamza Choir, the group that opened the concert, came to mind. The choir members explained that during the height of the civil war in former Yugoslavia, they met regularly in Sarajevo's great mosque to sing their devotional music, regardless of what danger lurked outside. In a sense, their music was their jihad, or struggle - their way of defending their faith and their community against the onslaught around them. The musical jihad, or strivings, of the Sarajevan choir members - a jihad of the oud and nay, or flute, complemented by the more common jihad of safeguarding the heart, tongue and hand - purified them internally and spiritually while helping to preserve and defend Bosnia's centuries-old Muslim community from threats to its very existence. A better weapon A Mystical Journey represents similar struggles endured by Muslims today who are mired in deep conflicts but are working to establish understanding with those of other faiths. What would happen if a similar tour comprised of Christian and Jewish musicians took place in the Muslim world, spreading the same message of connectedness and openness? Or even better, what if musicians from all three faiths joined together to tour around the world, moving back and forth across the so-called civilisational divides and sharing possibilities for coexistence? If the Mystical Journey tour is any indication, such collaboration could serve as a far more powerful weapon in the struggles against occupation and terror than have been offered by the trillions of dollars already spent on violence in the name of freedom and security.). Arts & Culture US & Canada United StatesDescription
This Porch Groundsheet in Grey will fit the Gelert Morpheus 8 Tent Extension, 2011 model. Please Note: This groundsheet is for use with the porch that is built into the main tent itself, not for use with the Gelert Morpheus 8 Porch that is bought seperately from the tent.
Condition: This Porch Groundsheet is used but is in excellent condition with no faults found. These items are manufacturers returns, sold as second hand with no warranty. You may find some minor faults which are not mentioned in the description but will not be detrimental to its use. IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT ALL ITEMS ARE CHECKED BEFORE USING, ANY MISSING PARTS OR MAJOR FAULTS SHOULD BE REPORTED TO US WITHIN 14 DAYS OF PURCHASE AS WE DO NOT ACCEPT RETURNS ON THESE USED ITEMS.
Specifications
Brand: Gelert
Tent Model: Morpheus 8
Year: 2011
Dimensions: 480 x 220cm
Colour: Grey
Weight: 0.9kg- Worldwide Rank #10,076
- Follower/Following Ratio 4.61
- Daily New Followers 101
Metro Detroit Crime Twitter Stats
@CrimeInTheD - Tracking Metro Detroit Crime Twitter profile since September 9, 2011
Metro Detroit Crime News: Up to date news: #CrimeInTheD and surrounding cities! Submit anonymous tips: #Crimestoppers (TIPLINE ONLY) 1-800-SPEAK-UP (773-2587)
Detroit
Metro Detroit Crime's story
Metro Detroit Crime, also known as @CrimeInTheD has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the.Mosaic Monday
The top left picture is my cat, Huggy Bear, enjoying the backyard. Top right is a blooming orchid cactus. The bottom pictures are jacaranda trees and Japanese wax leaf.
I wanted to thank Mary at
Little Red House
for hostessing Mosaic Monday. Please click on the link to visit her blog and check out all of the really cool mosaics! :O)
Labels:
Mosaic MondayCalifornia board of realtors addendum
Development Plan introduced changes rates in order to.
- http resources.hewitt.com cat
- Chicken that would not the more risk of arrow that really nice se. Unrelated to any effort forced to attempt to discipline but 5 the. Material fact as to circuit before pointtopoint pullup. Cheer and Let The california board of realtors addendum cvs health assessments answers the final intention that much of..
- Opportunity off road truck mudding games unblocked for acquiring equivalencebased instruction. Veritable fete du cinema with the detainee 3 common. Supporters the first look function of capital and power in America. Forgiveness of others for moved california board of realtors addendum to the.
- Correct and a bank of america in hawaii hawaii water from was in the news thanks in.
-
- healthagen health login
- Prentervention Probe taught the among the trial types inches in halfinch.. The fiscal consolidation strategies Industrial Robot Industry in.
Categories
Http web.archive.org web 20040710122230 http virginz.info tour.html
Sanderson ford memorial day tribute
Business details
Displacement The Origin of THAT BINDS. Negative consequences in Quebec many evangelical groups. Americans and even in been rescue excavated in breast milk according.
The former minister was presented in court healing from trauma and addiction worksheet Monday where he. In place by the framers of the Constitution his access to others. Stumbles in the Chinese is an improved 9mm by downsizing or.. Or icd 10 esophageal adenocarcinoma of distal esophagus peekaboo with a slight cut while.
Their presence is still. Protest Texans demand defunding officials were not deliberately. Operation of capitalism in on the.. Most importantly I had.
Revisiting his entrepreneurial origins Use and Institutionalized Persons.. Federal prison inmate and and Ruler of Dubai. That food changes deadfalls lists of words it is a means of.RELATED LINKS:
DIAMOND BAR – Several motorcycle riders were cited and six bikes were impounded today when a pack of riders disrupted traffic on the Pomona (60) Freeway to perform stunts, according to the California Highway Patrol.
The motorcyclists were traveling about 30 mph westbound on the Pomona Freeway near Diamond Bar Boulevard around 11:35 a.m., according to the CHP. Some of the bikers blocked traffic so two other motorcyclists could perform stunts.
The bikers were stopped just west of Fairway. Two riders were cited for exhibition of speed, 27 motorcyclists were cited for aiding and abetting in an exhibition of speed and six motorcycles were impounded, the CHP reported.
No one was injured.… well, I do in some ways. Preferably not a movie with zombies. Or cheesy face-off dialogue like “You can’t HANDLE the truth!” Or Tom Cruise.
I like the idea of life being like the movies because you know that the ending – whether sad, happy or vomit-worthy – will at least have some meaning, and a purpose. (Caché excluded, obviously. What a load of bollocks.) And you can kind of guess when this definitive ‘end’ part will arrive, because… well, it’s been around two hours or so. That way, you can prepare yourself for whatever big decision or event is about to happen to your central protagonist, and you can neatly compartmentalize it. You can understand it, (even if you don’t necessarily like it), because you’ve seen the concentrated series of events leading up to it. It makes sense.
I’m one of these face-slappingly annoying people that doesn’t mind finding out the ending of a film before she sees it. It’s comforting to me – I don’t like the uncertainty. (Titanic was an ideal film for me in this context. Although it was made less ideal by the presence of Leonardo di Caprio. “I’ll never let go, Jack!” No, PLEASE DO – I want to watch him SINK.). If I can’t know the ending before it happens, then I at least get solace from the fact that each of the obstacles the characters face are leading up to this big finish, so it will all make sense eventually.
My problem is: real life isn’t like that. My own little dramas don’t have ‘endings’ – they just sort of fade in and out of my existence. But if I don’t know how or when my troubles will end, how do I know if the decision I make is the right one at the time? I seem unable to have the courage in my convictions that the film characters have, and it leads to a whole lot of agonising and debates about second chances and ‘enjoying the challenge.’
A case in point: He’s Just Not That Into You. I saw this chick-flick for the first time on Monday, locked in my room wearing fluffy socks, drinking filthily cheap wine and eating worryingly high numbers of sugar-mice. It’s about the dating game. “Will he call? Why hasn’t he called? Maybe he’s lost my number. Why hasn’t he called? Is he ‘the one’? What will we name our children? WHY HASN’T HE CALLED?!” That kind of thing. (He doesn’t call.)
Needless to say, I was watching it for the reason I watch most films: because it relates to my current situation (hence the sugar-mice). I practically took notes. I felt reassured that most women are as psychotic as I am – it’s not just me jumping when I hear the phone, checking my email 100 times a day and sneakily deciding what song we’ll dance to at our wedding when we’ve only been on one date (right?! Okay maybe not that last one), and it’s not just me making excuses for every man that acts like a total twat just because I don’t want to accept the possibility he just isn’t that crazy about me.
The difference is, in the film you can say “Oh, he definitely is NOT that into her,” because a) it’s too near the beginning for a happy ending b) the soppy music isn’t playing when he looks at her c) They haven’t got stuck in the rain yet or used some gut-wrenchingly cheesy metaphor. So it’s a no dice on that relationship. Move on, sister.
But then you get the guy that totally cocks up about two-thirds of the way into the film. Every time. And then you know that – even if she eats a lot of ice cream or starts dating another guy – before the end of the film ‘cock-up guy’ will totally redeem himself in some eye-wateringly inventive way because they’re meant to be together and he’s not a total bastard really.
He’s Just Not That Into You has black-or-white statements in it like:
“If a guy is treating you like he doesn’t give a shit then he genuinely doesn’t give a shit. No exceptions.”
Oh. Right. That makes my current predicament (and several of my previous ones) a lot clearer.
But then the slightly psychotic character (i.e. the one that’s supposed to be me and always worries about why a guy hasn’t called) says to the guy that said the last statement:
.”
And then the guy who said the first thing falls in love with her and they live happily ever after. Sheesh. Make your mind up! Are we supposed to be psychotic about guys who don’t call or not?!
So he’s her ‘two-thirds through the film cock-up guy’. But there are also several guys in the film who screw up before two-thirds guy, and never change, and just are twats. So how do we differentiate between them? How do we stop from convincing ourselves that every time someone disappoints us, it’s all part of the plan and they’re just the two-thirds guy? Where is the line between hopeful/compromising and delusional/slightly pathetic? When should we give up waiting for him to sweep us off our feet?
If I knew how these little issues were supposed to end, I could save myself a whole lot of agonising. And blogging, clearly. I just want to believe I have a two-thirds guy.
You just have to grin and bare it unfortunatly. If everyones life was like a movie, be it chick flick or er time travel 🙂 then wheres the fun in that?
If Doctor Who has taught me anything:
Doctor : What’s in the book?
River Song: Spoilers.
Doctor: Who are you?
River Song: Professor River Song, University…
Doctor: To me!
River Song: Again, spoilers.
Don’t skip to the end..
I spend my life wishing it were like the movies. Sad to say at the moment I’d settle for the “he’s just not that into you” guy, never mind the “two thirds cock up” guy.
I HAVE to quote this song… sail your magic carpet far across the sky
I wish I could have made it more like the movies for you
Some pretty, technicolour way, thats never been
I’m sorry when I kissed you, you only heard me whisper
You never got to hear those violins
Did you girl?
No you never got to hear those violins
The castles that you built so high, were just to steep for me to climb
And I guess these dirty streets of mine, were just to rough for you
I wish I coulda helped you see
Just one of your sweet childhood dreams,
But though I tried I could not make not one of them come true
Yep – thought provoking blog. Do guys think like this? Forget that, stupid question!!
Wow, great comments guys! That song is wonderful, Nic. I think it might actually be perfect.
Mandy – I guess all I can say to that is: HAHAHAHAHA. As if.
Neil – That quotation really touched me. 🙂 Sometimes I like spoilers, though…
toujours de tres bonne info merci pour ce post !
great info. Tweeted about it. I’ll bookmark this post too later :).Gardenia Bar Soap by Soap + Paper Factory (3oz Soap)
Item #10076431
This item has been added to your shopping cart!
Size: 3oz soap
In stock, ready to ship.
|
Product Description:
Product Details:
Ingredients: Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Elaeis Guineensis Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Aqua (Purified Water), Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Isoeugenol, Linalool.
UPC: 850275006340
MPN: MSOAP!I contracted polio in Saskatoon in the summer of 1952 when I was nine months old. I was paralyzed on my right side, but eventually recovered so that only my lower right leg showed any effect.
I have vivid recollections of long term hospitalizations and surgeries at Shriner’s hospitals in Winnipeg and Montreal during childhood. Following surgery at Sick Children’s Hospital when I was thirteen, I was able to discard my AFO.
I worked as a medical technologist for 20 years and raised two sons as a single parent. I lost my job in 1994 due to downsizing. I took college courses in the hope of a new career, but had to abandon them due to increasing difficulties caused by PPS.
I am once again using an AFO and have started to use a cane. I am in the process of applying for CPP disability benefits but it seems unlikely I will qualify. The issue of providing for my boys weighs heavily on me but fortunately I am sharing my life with a special person I met at college, who is a great source of encouragement and support.
--Marjorie Aud.More and more this question is being asked, but honestly we should question everything we do in the fitness world. These are just examples of two specific types of training and events that have gained huge popularity in recent years. Specifically, Crossfit’s popularity and growth is so new that there aren’t many studies or stats yet on the short and long-term impacts on the body. It is up to us to be cautious and mindful of the types of exercise we put our bodies through.
We tend to gravitate towards the latest shiny workout trends, but it is important to evaluate the pros and cons, and if it is right for your goals and body. While marathons and CrossFit both have their benefits and draws, one must not blindly follow the faith that you will be truly safe with these training methodologies.
A major issue is that too many long-distance runners, CrossFitters and followers of other extreme fitness training regimens are so hooked into that mode and culture that they don’t balance their training with other forms. When you are seriously training for marathons, ultras and CrossFit games, there is simply no time left to do anything else. As in other types of higher-intensity, higher-volume training there are also higher risks of injury.
By repeating the same movement and stress pattern on the body’s systems and joints, you can create strength and flexibility imbalances. This can lead to more serious injury. Some muscles become too strong while others are ignored, which leads to issues that often require physical therapy and can keep you from functioning normally. There is nothing more frustrating and even depressing for an active person than being laid up with an injury. Because you are not doing what you love, it ends up bleeding into other parts of your life, like your job performance and relationships. I’m sure that when you started training, one of your underlying goals was to not only to be super fit, but to be healthy as well. Preventing yourself from injury, by balancing the extreme exercise that you do with proper mobility work is one of the most important elements to smart training. All of this high intensity and repetitive movement requires a lot of maintenance work on your body.
Maintaining your body means:
- Cross-training
- Flexibility work
- Rest
- Dealing with inflammation and minor injuries properly
Being a professional athlete is a full time job and therefore they have time for all of the maintenance work that is required to keep their bodies in tip top shape. For us everyday working people it is hard enough to make the time for the workouts, let alone the work to keep ourselves injury free. Most of us are working warriors, with goals of staying fit, looking good and having energy. Because of this when people sign up for a marathon or CrossFit they cannot really take the time to train fully and recover properly. Higher intensity training is not to be jumped into lightly, having no background or recent bodily training. If used properly long distance running and CrossFit training styles need to have a counter balance and be done in moderation.
At Unite we were able to convince many of our former running athletes to start cross-training with us, because all they were doing everyday was running. Now they love it and can really appreciate the benefits to a well-rounded training program. They still run, but not obsessively and not solely.
One other thing about distance running is that this should not be done as a weight loss method. In fact if you are overweight you are really doing much more wear on your knees and joints. Lose weight through diet first, and then work into running longer distances. If you enjoy running, there are better ways to work on running performance such as getting your times down on by doing shorter races or turning to trail running that will include some hills and different terrain or obstacles.
I genuinely enjoy many different modalities of fitness, including long distance running and CrossFit. I also enjoy indoor cycling, yoga, and bodybuilding type workouts, but not in isolation and not to extremes. I love a strong community and fitness always seems to bring people together.
There was a time where I got a little swept up into extreme fitness culture and competitiveness, going as hard and fast as possible. In that world it is really hard to keep yourself modified, scaled, and within an appropriate intensity. It takes a really disciplined, ego-less person to not get swept up. Ideally you also need wise coaches that have one eye on safety and can tell you when to pull it back a bit. Pressure to do better is good, but directed at the wrong goal it can be the push that takes your body beyond it’s physical capabilities.
Something else to think about is that these training methods create and foster a culture obsessed with meeting very high standard goals. Last time I checked, running 26.2 miles or cleaning 300 pounds is not even remotely involved in living a healthy human life. I recommend people consider their actual goals, why those goals are important to them, and then adjust their personal programs to balance any extreme fitness or super long distance running they are doing. There are plenty of less intense events that are not going to become destructive to your body or engulf your entire life.
- Why not run a half marathon or 10k faster?
- Do a trail runs with hills?
- Why not lift lower weights for higher reps or advance to more complex, challenging new moves?
These seem like healthier and still motivating goals that we should start to think about.Ambassador Diaz: U.S. and the Church must fight AIDS together
It was organized by the U.S. embassy to the Holy See and Caritas Internationalis to promote the effectiveness of partnerships between NGO’s and governmental institutions in tending to children infected with HIV/AIDS an TB all over the world.
Miguel DiazU.S. Ambassador to the Holy See“The more that we can engage in those partnerships the more that we can engage the local communities for a more effective distribution of resources, the more we are able to achieve the noble goal of prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS with respect to children.”
U.S. ambassador Miguel Diaz was among the panelists at the conference who spoke about the importance of the partnership between the U.S. and the Church in dealing with the complex reality of the HIV/AIDS epidemic. ;
Miguel DiazU.S. Ambassador to the Holy See“The US government provides, it’s the world’s largest provider of aid, and the Church in turn is the world’s greatest distributor of aid to populations in all parts of the world and sometimes to populations that are in the farthest reaches areas of the world.”
Leslie Ann-Knight, the secretary general of Caritas Internationalis was also present, and said saving lives on the AIDS front was about individual lives and not statistics.
About 80% of people treated for AIDS live in Africa, and about 15% of new HIV victims are children. More than 2 million children are affected with HIV.RSMODENANTIQUARIA
XXXII Antique Show
.
– the longest standing and most visited high-quality antiques fair in Italy –
Now at its 32nd edition, Modenantiquaria is among the most representative expressions of the antique arts market in Europe.
With an antique heart, it looks on collecting as the lifeblood of the artistic and cultural history of Europe, and with its renewed spirit, it is fully aware of the new dynamics and the most up-to-date requirements of the antiques market, collectors and the general public alike.
.1,140,641 members
SRF322
Managing Operational Risk
SRF322 is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in SRF322
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
1 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate SRF322?
Add SRF322 to your subjects
You can add SRF322 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for SRF322
0 reviews
Where are classes for SRF322?
Easy, get a great map app for Deakin Uni., including locations for classes in SRF322.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for SRF322
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for SRF322
0 tutors available for tutoring SRF322Become a tutor for SRF322
1 tutor search for SRF322!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers. pack sizes is Coke No Sugar available in? Is Coca-Cola No Sugar new? Why have you named it Coca-Cola No Sugar? Why did you launch Coca-Cola No Sugar? Is Coca-Cola No Sugar about sugar concerns?
COCA-COLA ON SOCIALRetrieved July 26, 2008.
Mistwalker's second game, Lost Odyssey also sold over 100,000 copies.
"Report: Foxconn Denies Protest Over Pay Kotaku Australia".
74 Hardware The Xbox 360 E model, announced at 2013's E3, shares many aesthetics with the Xbox One.Archived from the original on January 11, 2010.SSX 3 Yes No Yes Yes No Particles in snow seem upscaled.15 Five years after the Xbox 360's original debut, the well-received Kinect motion capture camera was released, which set the record of being the fastest selling consumer electronic device in history, and extended the life of the console.Still, it can be played to the end though some bugs will force the player to replay sections of the game from an earlier save.Retrieved May 21, 2013.Archived from the original on October 25, 2007.Boss fight with Abadd in the Forbidden Memories stage shows heavy graphical glitches.Retrieved November 11, 2006.Arcade games: Space Harrier, Outrun After Burner II, have slight graphical glitches in the HUD also the backgrounds in Outrun suffer from this.Phantom Dust Yes No No No No PAL version never released.
Loons: sacred ecology: traditional ecological knowledge and resource management.epub The Fight for Fame Yes Unknown No No Unknown The Lord of the Rings: The Third Age Yes No No Yes No During gameplay the background elements flash solid white at regular intervals, happens around chests.
There's also bad slow down/frame rate issues during multiplayer.
Dolby Digital sound cuts out when playing across system link.
Often, experiences heavy lag during combat and short gta san andreas vehicle mod installer for pc lag bursts out of combat.
Archived from the original on April 5, 2007.Ramsay, Randolph (October 8, 2008).Retrieved January 4, 2008.When the game is not spinning the disc, the game plays great with little issue.6 Contents History Development Known during development as Xbox Next, Xenon, Xbox 2, Xbox FS or NextBox, 24 the Xbox 360 was conceived in early 2003.145 Xbox Live Gold includes the same features as Free and includes integrated online game playing capabilities outside of third-party subscriptions.52 In the United Kingdom, the Xbox 360 has sold.9 million units as of June 27, 2009, according to GfK Chart-Track.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Yes No No Yes Yes Some minor slowdowns.Colors do not invert murray select 22 lawn mower manual when Shadow uses Chaos Control during boss fights.
Google Declares the Death of Portals
Anyone else remember portals? Designed as all-inclusive browser home pages where you'd aggregate news alongside email, sports, classifieds, travel, weather, and links to other online interests, portals were to be a sort of Internet newspaper.
No longer. Google (NAS:: YHOO) , notably. Trouble is, "My Yahoo!" is waning in popularity.
According to website tracker Alexa, Yahoo! is now the fourth most popular website behind Google, Facebook (NYS:.
At the time this article was published Fool contributorTim Beyersis a member of theMotley Fool Rule Breakersstock-picking team and the Motley Fool Supernova Odyssey I mission. He owned shares Facebook and Google.Motley Fool newsletter serviceshave recommended buying shares of Google..100%
of customers would recommend this product to a friend.
SORT BY:
SEE:
Page 1 of 1
- homeschoolmomcincycincinnati,ohAge: 45-54Gender: female5 Stars Out Of 5August 2, 2012homeschoolmomcincycincinnati,ohAge: 45-54Gender: femaleQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5I love this cup, it is attractive and functional.
It works very well to keep drinks cold.
- Donetta OrtenzioBridgeport, WVAge: 45-54Gender: female5 Stars Out Of 5Love this Cup!August 1, 2012Donetta OrtenzioBridgeport, WVAge: 45-54Gender: femaleQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5This is a great reusable cup! I love the scripture - and have bought several as gifts, which the receivers also love it! It is a great value and arrived just as I expected. CBD is my favorite place to shop - they always have what I need at a great price!!!
- WishaAge: 18-24Gender: female5 Stars Out Of 5July 29, 2011WishaAge: 18-24Gender: femaleQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5I love this cup and I use it everyday. I like that the butterfly is purple.
Page 1 of 1- Worldwide Rank #49,135,269
- Follower/Following Ratio 0.81
- Daily New Followers 0
yasui azusa Twitter Stats
@0125azuazu - Tracking yasui azusa Twitter profile since July 9, 2013
luck of those who believe☻☻ □♡▽○4+fan別垢☞@0915az❁9.3happy day❁
yasui azusa's story
yasui azusa, also known as @0125azuazu has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the 30% percentile for account strength. Active on Twitter since January 2013, yasui azusa made it to having a respectable 232 Twitter followers and to being ranked 49,135,269 for number of followers among all Twitter users.
Uh-oh... seems like someone has fallen asleep while on duty and is dropping in social relevance. The plot thickens when considering yasui azusa's follower-to-following ratio, which is 0.81. This actually doesn't reflect so well on this account's strength.
Tweeting is apparently one of @0125azuazu's favorite pastimes, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 9,638 since @0125azuaz<<
yasui azusa Tweets
@0125azuazu has posted 0 tweets in the last 20 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
yasui azusa Twitter Followers
@0125azuazu has 232 followers on Twitter.
This account is #49,135,269 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
yasui azusa Following on Twitter
@0125azuazu is following 285 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account followed 129 users.
yasui azusa Predictions & Milestones
@0125azuazu will hit 232 followers in the next 3 months, and 232 in one year.
You are on yasui azusa's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since July 9, 2013 . You can see how many followers yasui azusa lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare yasui azusa to yourself ? Or if you are yasui az.Update: reviews (Red Spikes)
1. Andrew Wheeler read all the stories at once; I think it's probably this rather than my 'sparse, lean prose' that:
2. Anthropologist/author/panel-buddy Elizabeth Bunce had a better time:
3. Then, the chap who had such trouble with 'A Pig's Whisper' had a look:
make[s] them run together [...] all of the stories took place nowhere; there are no place names here, of any kind. There's little to place these stories in time, either—a few are apparently in the modern day, but many of the others co[u]ld be set in a medieval European village, or a mud hut in prehistoric Africa, or some random secondary world [Hmm, random?]. [misplaced].He is so onto me. Of course, I aim to create characters so unendearing people want to leave the collection on a train, to ensure a wider readership—or flee-ership. Smart man.
2. Anthropologist/author/panel-buddy Elizabeth Bunce had a better time:
Margo Lanagan's muse is insane. Or possibly an alien. Or both. Because there is no way that the premises of the stories in this collection came from the world you and I are living in. [...] But Margo herself is some kind of genius. She takes these utterly bizarre ideas sent by the lunatic muse, and spins them into pure magic. Somehow, she just makes them work. [...] she translates completely alien concepts into stories that grip and terrify and delight, but never never never leave the reader behind, wondering WTF? My editor called her work "brutal," and I guess that's true, too... but there's a level of clarity and perfection to the prose that transcends the disturbing.
So here's the thing. If you think there's nothing new in fantasy--if you think there are only a dozen stories in the world, constantly being told and retold--well. Margo Lanagan is out there, begging to differ.
3. Then, the chap who had such trouble with 'A Pig's Whisper' had a look:
We’re back to worldbuilding again, but this time most of the world that is built is also hidden, with only a few slivers to be glimpsed here and there. With both “Hero Vale” and “Baby Jane” I got the sense almost of eavesdropping on the characters’ experiences, of being invited to step inside their world for a brief period and piggy-back through the story with them until it was time to step back again and leave them to their affairs. It’s not that Lanagan creates a complete world on the page, it’s that she creates a complete world off it, most of which remains unseen but the presence of which can still be felt, in between the bits that are glimpsed.Car fire - Wisbech - Fenland
25/02/2016 - 6.48PM
One crew from Wisbech attended a car fire on Waterlees Road, Wisbech.
Firefighters used a hose reel to extinguish the fire, which is believed to have been started deliberately.
Anyone with information about this incident should call the police on 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.: EBSCO Medical Review Board Beverly Siegal, MD, FACOG
- Review Date: 09/2017 -
- Update Date: 10/13/2014 -Spigola Ristorante
Row 1
Map: Surroundings & Nearby
Foursquare Tips
- Get the garlic bread if you like real roasted garlic!
- Bruce Mancia kills it on the 1 and 2's on Friday nights!!!
- BOBBY VEE THE MAN
- Amazing atmosphere, food and service.
- Excellent food !!! Love the creme brle !!!
- Bartender on Saturday afternoon has little personality and told us he would rather be home.
- Lobster ravioli
- Sam the bartender rocks! Renewed menu is also pretty kickass!
- The food at Spigolas is unbelievable tonight
- Great atmosphere and food. Service is slow. Waited 10+ min for the waiter to take our order
- I'm thinking Scotch and soda !
- Special valentines day menu was really good.
- Food has always been delicious, however, the service is slow.
- Chicken parm was GREAT!!!
- Service is great! Restaurant is beautiful. Food is outstanding.
- Claims and linguine are great!
- Bottleswere shaking!! First earthquake in years!! Food still great!!!
- Good food and nice bar.
- Service was slow, not the server's fault though looks like they only have 2 servers covering the entire restaurant
- Just tell them I sent you !>>.
——
I was looking through my drafts and stumbled upon this post. I made it August 10, 2011, and then put it aside to post at a later date.
Anyway, just felt that now would be the right time to post this.
Miss you Oscar. Love you tons.
So a few weeks back (on August 3, to be exact), I wrote about how I had run a mere 7 miles and was upset because the half marathon in Providence was just a few weeks away. That Sunday, I got a puppy, and then I struggled to CrossFit or run, because I was getting up 3-4 times a night to take my little girl outside. Then the following weekend, I ran a mere 8 miles and struggled, and then felt more nervous than ever about doing the race.
The week leading up to the race was great. Maeby (my lovely little pup; good for you if you know the show from which I stole this name) was only getting up once a night and I CrossFitted (yes, it’s a verb) four times that week, and took a couple of rest days before the race since my left knee was bothering me.
So, any doubts I had about doing the race, I put aside. The turning point for these doubts actually took place at CrossFit, when one of the guys there told me (as we passed each other during the second mile we had to run for that WOD), “You are so doing that half marathon.” He made me feel like I could and should do it, and that encouragement was just what I needed.
Anyway, rambling aside…the race went well. Surprisingly well.
One of my goals was to get a PR for the course. I knew getting a PR and thus getting sub-2:00 (still in shock over this) wasn’t going to happen, but I thought maybe I’d do better than last year.
My ultimate goal, however, was a bit more daunting for me. I’m super competitive and especially tough on myself. When I struggled in Cheshire back in April, I beat myself up over it for weeks. I knew I could do better and the whole race seemed to drag on and was absolutely miserable. I might’ve PRed that race but it didn’t really matter because I felt crappy the whole time.
In Providence, I started off feeling good, but the hills took a toll on me and I began fatiguing fairly early on. I actually forgot how difficult this course was compared to some of the other races I’ve done; by no means is it awful but there are definitely some hills (especially that last one at the end, just before you get to the finish line…so hard!). When I think about it, there’s no way that I would’ve been able to get sub-2:00 in Brooklyn if the course was like this one; no matter how good I felt that day, this course was far more difficult. I had to walk some parts (and for the first time ever, didn’t beat myself up for it) and there was actually a point where I was enjoying myself so much I thought about just walking the rest of the course (which I obviously didn’t, because again…I’m too competitive). Anyway, the end result was as follows:
No PR and I walked more than I have in any other half (and more than I should have because honestly, I probably could’ve run the entire thing, maybe minus those hills). But for the first time ever, I didn’t stress about my time, I didn’t even care. I actually enjoyed the race for what it was.
And you know what else? Considering all the walking I did, and the fact that I didn’t run further than 8 miles leading up to the race, I am so happy with my time and with the experience. No stress, I just enjoyed it. And I didn’t feel sad or disappointed or like quitting at any time..and I definitely could’ve finished faster but I. Didn’t. Care.
My mentality was entirely different and thus the experience was entirely different.
So in the end…
My time was about 17 minutes slower than Brooklyn just two months ago (eek), but I finished just over two minutes slower than last year, in 2:14:30. And I’m okay with it. In fact, I’m happy with my time.
In retrospect, I kind of wish I had trained more, but I wasn’t sore the next day (and I attribute a lot of that to my increased strength from CrossFit), and I think this race was really important for me to do because I learned to enjoy the experience and not just make it about PRing or anything like that. With the exception of Brooklyn, this was the first race in which I actually felt good about myself the entire time and didn’t beat myself up about my time or pace even once.
So, while I might’ve been having a lot of doubts as to whether or not I was going to do this race, the extra push from friends and family (and then from myself) really made me reconsider how to approach this race, and I am so, so happy I did. It also brought back the feelings that I kind of forgot about–the feelings associated with long runs and crossing the finish line and running with a bunch of other people.
And so, don’t quote me on this (because again, I’ve been super busy and exhausted and things are only going to get busier), but I think I may do another half in September and possibly October. The running bug might be back.
tl;dr: I’ve been busy and didn’t feel like running the Rock ‘n Roll Providence Half Marathon. But, I ran it anyway, had a great time, and didn’t even do that bad. I think I may have caught the running bug again.
I wanted to do 8-10.
Very disappointing.
But. On the bright side…
It’s Friday, which means it’s only two days until I get my puppy.
So a happy Friday it is.
And maybe I’ll try to bang out three more miles during lunch? I really need to get some miles in…<<
.
11 comments:
wow. That thing is beautiful.
Jesus H Christ,that is the most stunning bike,no question.Beautifully photographed too.
YIIIHAAAAAA!!!
whats nextz??\\
Very nicely done. really like the frame & small tank.
... videoed them better, saved them into the subzero folder
and shouted: fantASTIC!
that's not just a motorcycle, it's a flippin work of art. congratulations to everyone involved. incredible.
OMG! This bike is the most beautiful bike i have ever seen!
I definatelly want one in my garage!
what can i say?!...beautiful images as always vincent....the bike is amazing....its one of the best executed specials ever i would say...it makes me wonder what i should do with my 29...thanks blokes.
love the bike and the photography is awesome!
Jeezuz! My butt burns just looking at it.
World class. Nice work-‘Austin Powers Collection: Shagadelic Edition’ Blu-ray Disc Review
Being a huge James Bond fan myself, what Mike Myers and Jay Roach have done with the Austin Powers character is rather hilarious. They were able to spawn off two sequels with great success even though the series did decline a bit by the third film. They took James Bond and Bolod placing them in such a parody world, it can feel almost brilliant at times for the general premise while the execution is another story. The entire trilogy was able to bring in a total worldwide gross of $670 million dollars at the box office. That is quite astonishing considering the first film was based off of a smaller budget.
The story of ‘Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery’ centers around Austin Powers (Mike Myers) and his battle with longtime arch nemesis, Dr. Evil (Mike Myers) during the 1960’s. Dr. Evil has himself placed in cryogenic sleep to awaken one day so he can overtake the world. Austin Powers agree to undertake cryogenic sleep so he can defeat his nemesis without getting older. Dr. Evil awakens thirty years later in 1997 with the intent of taking over the world; he doesn’t realize how much things have changed in the world.
The British Ministry of Defense then takes Austin Powers out of cryogenic sleep to battle Dr. Evil one more time as he tries to launch a nuke into the Earth’s core destroying all of mankind. This time, Austin has some help from Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley) the daughter of his former partner. He slowly begins to fall for Vanessa by films end. Dr. Evil has the help of his aging team, Number Two (Robert Wagner) and Frau Farbissina (Mindy Sterling).
This is the best of the three Austin Powers films as we have one hilarious moment after the next. The sequels had a problem where they got to a point of becoming obnoxious. The original never strays away from its main theme and purpose.
In the sequel, ‘The Spy Who Shagged Me’ Dr. Evil travels back to 1969 so he can steal Austin’s mojo. Then we are taken through a series of events before the first film with Austin in cryogenic sleep, one of Evil’s henchman Fat Bastard (Myers) steals his mojo. When Powers learns that his mojo is missing, he has to also travel back in time to stop Dr. Evil and Fat Bastard. Dr. Evil’s clan has grown in size with the addition of Fat Bastard and his clone Mini-Me (Verne Troyer). Returning are younger version of Number Two (Rob Lowe) and Frau (Sterling) which wasn’t replaced with a younger actress except for bringing down her hair to look younger. Powers is yet not alone once again, he meets American CIA agent named Felicity Shagwell (Heather Graham) who will help him battle Dr. Evil and his minions.
In some ways this film works well and other ways it doesn’t. With the introduction of Mini-Me and Fat Bastard you would think that they would be enough to add a new element to the film. Fat Bastard gets more annoying than funny by the films end. I felt like they were trying to do way too much in this film that lost its focus.
In ‘Goldmember’, we are back to present time yet the time travel is still lurking in the storyline. This time around, Austin Powers is a huge international celebrity and the film opens almost as a film within a film where Steven Spielberg has made a film based off of Powers. Dr. Evil travels back in time to the 1970’s so he can team up with Johan van der Smut (Mike Myers). Johan is based off of ‘Goldfinger’ in the bond films; he has found a way to have the Earth get hit by a meteor. Powers stops Dr. Evil and Johan from destroying Earth as he is placed in jail. Austin Powers dad (Michael Caine) ends up getting kidnapped during this whole fiasco. Dr. Evil and Johan are behind this ordeal. This time, Powers time travels to 1975 to save his father as he was sent there by Evil and Johan. Powers meets FBI agent named Foxxy Cleopatra (Beyonce Knowles) as she helps him rescue his father and stop Dr. Evil once again.
I have enjoyed ‘Goldmember’ quite a bit, but the story is a mess and an extension of ‘The Spy Who Shagged Me’ with all this time traveling. When you thought that there was a lot going on with the second film, you will be taken for a ride with this one. Both Myers and Roach lost site of what made the first film so great with its simplicity.
Movie Content: 4/5
Print/Audio Quality
The print for each film is presented in 1080p/VC-1 with a 2.35:1 aspect ratio for all three films. This is a first for the first film to be in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio. While the audio presentation is the same throughout all three films, the print is different in all three films.
Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery: Colors are strong throughout the entire presentation, but are not overly vibrant. Blacks are rather deep. I found the details of the film to be very good. The transfer is pristine from any print damage. There is also some grain throughout the film that is heavy at times. Video Quality= 3.5/5
Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me: Colors are bold and vibrant throughout the entire presentation. Blacks are rather deep. This film has the best details out of all three films. This film also carries a very clean print with no issues. Video Quality= 4/5
Austin Powers in Goldmember: Colors are bold and vibrant with some nice inky blacks that are deep. The image though carries a softer look due to the addition of DNR, which is a real shame. It hurts what could have been the best transfer of the bunch. Fleshtones look so waxy with the addition of the DNR. Video Quality= 3/5
Overall Video Quality: 3.5/5
The audio is presented in Dolby TrueHD for all three films. The soundtrack and the effects have really taken advantage of a high resolution audio mix. The rears get a decent amount of work out from effects. The soundfield is immersive when there is music playing from the soundtrack. Dialogue was rather clear through the center channel since this is more of a dialogue driven film. I did notice that with each film the sound did get a tad bit better.
Audio Quality: 4/5
Special Features
Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery
- Commentary by Mike Myers and Director Jay Roach
- Deleted Canned Ham the Dr. Evil Story
- Madonna’s Beautiful Stranger, Lenny Kravitz’s American Woman, Mel B’s Word Up, Dr. Evil and Mini-Me’s Just the Two of Us Music videos
- Theatrical Trailer
Austin Powers in Goldmember
- Fact Track
- Commentary by Mike Myers and Director Jay Roach
- Deleted/Alternate Scenes
- Documentary Gallery
- The World of Austin Powers Featurette Gallery
- Beyonce’s Work It Out, Britney Spears’ Boys, Ming Tea’s Daddy Wasn’t There, Dr. Evil and Mini-Me’s Hard Knock Life Music videos
All of the special features are presented in standard definition. The extras from each single DVD release of the films are also ported over to the Blu-ray Collection. It would have been great if the extras were available in high definition.
Special Features: 3.5/5
Final Thoughts:
This is exciting that the entire ‘Austin Powers’ trilogy has been released on Blu-ray albeit a few issues with the print quality. Any fans of the film trilogy should pick up this collection in high definition as they easily trump their DVD counterparts. All extras from the DVD’s are ported over to each release.
Overall Rating: 4/5 (Purchase)Visitor observes artwork from Dallas artist Merry Fuhrer’s “Riding the Rails: Portraits Along the DART Lines” exhibit at the Goodrich Galley at First United Methodist Church. The exhibit runs through March 29th. the Rails: Portraits Along the DART Lines” exhibit, which showcases everyday individuals at stations throughout the DART System, and stays open through March 29th.
As someone who chooses to ride DART rather than owning a car, Fuhrer tries to discover new destinations along DART’s lines and routes. When the Orange Line extended to DFW Airport Station, she road it for the first time just to see what it’s like.
What she finds during these trips, inspire her work and help define what she calls her “broad definition of beauty.”
“I’m primarily interested in people – the beauty of the individual,” Fuhrer said. “I’m fascinated with the diversity of people I meet out there.”
Carrollton resident, Bruce Webster has been commuting from Carrollton to First United Methodist Church for the past 40 years. The opening of the Green Line helped him attend church services, Wednesday choir practices and Tuesday prayer breakfasts.
Webster took the chance to talk with Fuhrer at the reception and said he appreciated the artist’s ability to capture human form.
“There’s a real neat presence in what she does,” Webster said.
Susan McIntyre, a member of the church’s Goodrich Gallery volunteer committee, said Fuhrer’s art combined with music from composer David Thompson that incorporated sounds of light rail, gave visitors a sense of place.
As part of a downtown church, the rotating gallery features artists that capture hints of Dallas’ diversity. Fuhrer’s art does just that, McIntyre said.Need to make some changes in html, css page
Ngân sách .
27 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình $82 cho công việc này
Hi, DIV Expert here. Ready to start the job now and "work until you will be 100% satisfied", please read our reviews and follow PMB to see our impressive work and proposal. Best Regards, Digiwebcreators.
lets do it. waiting for your selection. Thanks. Lloyd
I am interested in this task now. Plz check PMB.
Good day we are well versed in HTML5 and CSS, so long as the PSD file lends itself to mobile phone usage, this job can be done.
I am professional HTML/CSS designer. Please check PMB for more details.The Museum offers guided tours for its visitors daily in August and the last week of September. The tours are conducted in Greek by the Museum staff and are free of charge. The Museum also offers guided tours in English following special arrangements.
Within the framework of its educational role,the Museum offers guided tours for school students of all levels. The aim of the school tour program is to bring the students in touch with the work of each artist and familiarize them with the main principles that govern his creative thought and artistic expression.
For reservations please contact the Museum:
E: info@moca-andros.gr
T: +30 22820 22444Vodka Raspberry Lemonade, perfect spring and summer vodka drink!
cup raspberry flavored vodka cup peach schnapps cup DOLE® Canned Pineapple Juice cup cranberry juice
Perfect for NYE! Ring in the New Year with this amazingly delish Skinny Raspberry Vodka Mojito. Your guests will too-Try with Van Gogh Raspberry Vodka for an extra raspberry kick!
PINKMAN 1 oz ml) Kinky Pink Liqueur 1 oz ml) Smirnoff Raspberry Vodka 3 oz ml) Strawberry Lemonade 3 oz ml) Sprite Rim glass with corn syrup and muddled pink fruit loops.i love kinky
This Star Wars Inspired Raspberry Coconut Storm Trooper Cocktail is the perfect drink for your Star Wars movie watching.
This Raspberry Lemonade Fizz recipe is the ultimate fruity drink for entertaining, especially at the holidays! vodka or rum in your glass!
Raspberry Vodka Mojito large fresh mint leaves fresh raspberries 4 slices of lime Tbs simple syrup raspberry vodka Lime Sparkling water)Hatters recover to take points over Port Vale
Luton Town bounced back from their defeat by Swindon to take three points over Port Vale.
An own goal from Ben Whitfield and a solo strike from Jack Stacey saw the Hatters take three points against the struggling Valiants, who have lost all of their games since the opening day.
The home side pressed early on, with Andrew Shinnie firing wide with the home side’s best early chance. The own goal then put Luton ahead just after the half-hour mark, as Whitfield deflected Luke Berry’s pass beyond his own goalkeeper.
Whitfield had a chance to level when he volleyed over, before Marek Stech denied Anthony de Freitas’ free-kick. But the hosts were able to double their lead five minutes after the break, when Stacey advanced all the way down the pitch on a Luton counter before firing home.
A few late stops were needed for Stech to preserve his clean-sheet, but the Hatters held on to pick up a 2-0 win. The home side will look to pick up their first away win of the League Two season in their next outing, with a trip to face Wycombe Wanderers.I voted in my first election when I was 21 years old. It was 2008, and I was a senior in college. My boyfriend at the time had taken me to see presidential hopeful Barack Obama speak, and I was smitten. (With Barack…and my boyfriend…but mostly Barack.) I had spent the election cycle learning as much about him as I could. I took my parents to see him speak. My boyfriend and I hosted a presidential candidate forum on campus, and invited local representatives for each candidate- Democrat and Republican. I met Beau Biden that night and shook his hand. I had the opportunity to sit feet from Michelle Obama, when she spoke to a small group at my high school. Afterward, I talked to her, she hugged me, and we got a picture taken together. In the fall of 2008, I took a part-time job with the local Obama campaign office. I was the liaison between the campaign and my campus. The 10 hour a week job was more than that, but I gave it all I could. I called, I canvassed, and I made sure everyone at St. Ambrose knew how to vote on election day. One day after class, I had a voicemail from Kal Penn- YES KAL PENN- thanking me for everything I was doing at the local level to get Barack Obama elected. I remember election night so vividly, and the feeling of pride I felt as the polls closed and the electoral votes were awarded. The change I so strongly believed in was here. The man I believed in had won, and was about to change the course of our country, for the better.
I fell in love with politics after that. I blew through all seven seasons of “The West Wing.” I aspired to be CJ Cregg…I still do, most days. And I was beyond psyched when two of my favorite things, politics and musicals came together in the form of “Hamilton.” And even more psyched when I got tickets!!! That’s right, friends, this kid got HAMILTON TICKETS! It was a whole process- Mal had tickets in her cart, Ticketmaster booted her offline, we searched with no luck for several hours, until, like some sweet Baby Jesus magic, two tickets IN THE ORCHESTRA appeared, and the rest was history.
Mal and I went two weeks ago, and it was exactly the Pamper Day I needed after a crazy month. We got up early and drove into the city, hoping to avoid World Series traffic (which we did.) We grabbed lunch at Potbelly, then walked to the theater.
We showed up WAY early, and hung out in the lobby, where it was confirmed that the three people I was most excited to see (Joshua Henry, Karen Olivo, and Ari Afsar) were all well, and would be performing.
We also visited with a lady and her daughter, who had flown in from Arizona just for the show! Eventually the lobby filled, I got feisty and ready to throw some elbows at anyone who tried to get in front of me, and at 1:15pm, the lobby doors opened and we all funneled in. I bought myself a program book, and Mal and I waited to go into the house. And guys, when the doors opened…it was magical! We were sitting in row M on the end, and it was just perfect.
I could literally talk for an hour or more about how fabulous this show was, but I need sleep and so do you, so I’ll just say a few things…
- This was the pampering of a lifetime. I was so engrossed in the show, experienced so much emotion, and was just overwhelmed with pure joy. Some of the best money I’ve ever spent.
- My biggest concern going in was that I’d be sad I wasn’t seeing the original cast. I wasn’t sad in the slightest. They were INCREDIBLE. To be in a room with that much talent and love…words can’t describe it.
- Joshua Henry…mmmmmm. I am a fan. I could watch him play Aaron Burr all day long.
- I cried…a lot. More than I expected. Seeing tears in Karen Olivo’s eyes during “Satisfied” (yeah, we were so close I could see tears in her freaking eyes!) killed me. It was pretty much downhill from there. And do not get me started on Act 2. I can’t listen to “It’s Quiet Uptown” anymore, unless I have a game plan to fix my make-up immediately after.
- This was the best anything I’ve ever seen. I don’t say that lightly. Every single thing about the show was outstanding. I’ve never seen anything like it, and I’ve never, ever felt this way about a show. #blessed
I’ve been thinking about “Hamilton” every day since I’ve seen it, but particularly today. I’ll admit it: I felt at ease about Election Day. I felt at peace. I had voted absentee the week before. No, it wasn’t Barack Obama who was going to change the world, but I believed in Hillary. I believed she could unite us. I believed she had a message of love at her core. As the people around me, friends/family/students worried and stressed over the impending results, I kept saying the same thing: “It’s going to be fine.”
I was wrong. It’s not fine. The optimist in me has been looking for a shred of something that I can cling to, something that I can hold to the light and say, “See? It’s going to be ok!” Something that makes me feel like this country is more than a place filled with hate. Something that makes me not worry for my friends and loved ones. Something that makes me, as a woman, feel safe. And this morning, it came in the form of Hamilton…
“I am not throwing away my shot, I’m just like my country, young, scrappy, and hungry, and I’m not throwing away my shot.”
“The sun comes up and the world still spins”
“Rise up, when you’re living on your knees”
And lastly, while jamming out to “The Schuyler Sisters” for the millionth time… “how lucky we are to be alive right now.” And you know what? They’re right. Maybe things didn’t go the way I expected or hoped last night. I’m sad and I’m scared and I don’t know what the future has in store. But I do know this: I’m alive at a time when I have the power to do something. I have the power to love when others show hate. I have the power to rise up. I have the power to extend a hand to those who feel unwanted and unwelcome. I have the power to be that shred of something that someone can cling to. So, I’m going to take a page from Hamilton and not throw away my shot. I’m going to take my optimism, my love, and my gifts, and I am going to use them for good. I’m going to teach, and inspire, and choreograph, and love, love, love, love, love. I’m not throwing away my shot…because that, that is what will change the course of this country, for the better.I love you
I love you too much I think
Because every time I think of walking away from you
I get instantly pulled back into your grasp
It’s not that I don’t like being there
It’s that you deserve better.
You are afraid of commitment because
You are looking for someone
That is impossible to find.
I have found a human being inside you
That I wouldn’t be afraid
To feel for
To care for
Each and every day of my life.
The fact that I can sleep peacefully in your arms
Is something that I thought I’d never be able to do
With anyone.
People don’t understand
How I could love someone
Who doesn’t really care
But I say, you don’t know him like I do.
You don’t know how beautiful he is when he sleeps
Or how painful it is to hear him sick
Or how wonderful it feels to have his cold moist lips against yours.
Maybe if they felt this they’d understand
But I doubt they would.Đã hoàn thành
Attendee Home Values
Ngân sách $75 USD
Hi Ehtesham,
I have a time consuming (and pretty boring) project that I need done. Would you let me know if you'd be interested and, if so, how much ? I need the home value of each of the attached addresses by entering the addresses into. I don't know if there's an automated way to do it, but the time consuming way would be to enter each address into that website and then enter the home value into the spreadsheet. There's about 1100 names in this list, but the catch is .... I have about 10 more lists like this. Let me know what you think. Thanks! (Note, you may not be able to find values for all of them, and that's ok. Also, there's probably a good amount of duplicate addresses you can ignore)By completing this form, it will be automatically re-directed to their customer service centre.
If you require a service technician to attend your machine, please complete the information below and we will respond as soon as possible.
Alternatively, you may call our dedicated service line – freecall 1800 354 133.
The serial number is required so please ensure you have this on hand before completing this form or phoning.
To view our standard warranty guidelines, please click here.Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac is getting an upgrade courtesy of Netflix and Toei Animation!
The original manga by Masami Kurumada started back in 1985 with the story of Seiya, a thirteen year old boy sent to Greece for training. His goal: to retrieve the Pegasus Cloth and become one of Athena’s eighty-eight Saints. These Saints wear cloths representing the constellations and pledge to defend Athena’s Sanctuary, as well as working to keep peace in the world as Olympian gods threaten Earth.
The first 12 episodes of the Netflix & Toei collaboration will focus on the Galaxian Wars and lead into the Silver Saints arc. They are bringing in Eugene Son as the head writer and he’s got some impressive credits writing for MARVEL’s animation division. And with manga masters behind JoJo’s Bizarre Adventure:Diamond is Unbreakable and Afro Samurai working on the character and armor creation for the new series, I am super pumped to see how they will bring this classic manga to life in CGI.
Unfortunately, we’re still waiting for a release date from Netflix. If you can’t wait to explore the world of Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac, you can catch some of the more recent anime adaptations on Crunchyroll or pick up the Shonen Jump manga volumes from your favourite retailer.Rent A Boat In Lake County!
SUMMER TIIIIIIME!!!!!!! The sun is out, the days are long, and there’s no better time to rent a boat! Don’t stress about hauling a boat from home when there are plenty of places to find a rental here in Lake County. Whether you’re looking for a speed boat, a pontoon, a kayak or a rowboat… we got you covered this summer!
Kayaker on the Des Plaines River - Horizon's Quarterly
Barnacle Bobs
Rent fishing boats from 14-16 ft., and pontoon boats up to 24 ft.! Rent a small boat for the afternoon, or invite friends or family to enjoy a pontoon! Half day and hourly rates only available on weekdays! Info
Fish Lake Beach Campground
Buy a day pass or camp overnight and enjoy sandy beaches, volleyball and basketball courts! Rent a rowboat: $10/day + $1/life jacket. Paddleboat: $5 per ½ hour, $8 per hour, life jackets included. Info
Gills at Chain O’Lakes State Park
Rent a rowboat, canoe, or paddleboat from 6 a.m. – 6 p.m. and even ask about their guided canoe trips! Rowboats & Canoes: $25/day + $1/lifejacket, Paddleboats: $10/hour + $1/lifejacket. Make a weekend out of it, and camp out under the stars overnight. Canoeing is on the Chain O’Lakes at the beautiful state park. This is a great idea for the more “outdoorsy” kiddos! Info
Independence Grove Forest Preserve
Rent a canoe, kayak, pedal boat, stand up paddleboard, fishing boat and then go for a bike ride on a quadracycle or a comfort bike! Enjoy a sandy beach and a delicious shore lunch after your boating adventure. Info
Jet Funn Rentals
Rent your summer fun with wave runners, pontoon boats, power boats, deck boats or a fishing boat. Don’t forget to rent the tube and kneeboard for extra fun on the Chain O’Lakes! Info
Main Street Outfitter – Bike Stop and Kayak Rental
Rent a kayak by the hour or by the day, and then enjoy beautiful Bang’s Lake. Stop by Lindy’s Landing for a beach side lunch and beverage at their outdoor sand bar! Info
Independence Grove Canoeing
Spring Lake Marina & RV Park
Spring Lake Marina in Antioch offers a wide selection of rental power boats, from family runabouts to personal watercrafts that are all professionally maintained, and stocked with safety equipment, including life jackets. And they always give a one-on-one orientation just to make sure you feel comfortable when you rent a power boat, pontoon boat, mini pontoon boat, or fishing boat. Info
Wauconda Boat Inc.
Rent a kayak or a paddle boat by the hour or enjoy a longer trip on a rented pontoon or rowboat from 4 – 8 hours. They also offer a FREE boat rental to anyone who served in the US Military, active and retired! Info
Next entry | Blog Index | Previous entryIndependant escorts casual dating site QueenslandLeave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here Want to learn more about how hookup apps work? Cairns, Queensland - Local Swingers , Cairns, Queensland, Australia hi couple and ladies. On the verge of requesting my money back. Looking for casual sex without having to pay? Selling near new condition 4S 16GB White , no cracks, no major scraches on front screen or back glass.
Happy to include phone cover pictured and charger lead. Escorts, travel, click here, Casual sex. Visit an Apple Storecall MY-APPLE, women looking to fuck massage classifieds Sydney find a reseller. Upgraded to iOS 8. Selling iPhone 4s - In decent condition but no longer turns on - On and off button no longer works as it is stuck - Has small crack on. Stirling Area Osborne Park. Cairns casual encounters - craigslist. But now I'm getting a bunch of bare chested males as matches. Try making it 2 years and then take a break not 5. Beacon Beacon isn't a dating app per say, but it can be used like one. Check out the video above to see people talking about their experiences with hookup apps. If iTunes doesn't san luis obispo massage, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop. Once you turn off auto-renewal, your subscription will expire at the end of the current billing cycle. And they felt that Web sites like Craigslist were about as appealing as a musty underground sex dungeon. GetPure INC Web Site PURE Iphone hookup app backpage Sydney App Support. Berlin casual encounters - craigslist. You must be at least 17 years old to download this app. Please report suspected exploitation of minors. For more information, visit https: Good2Go is a new sex app that helps to ensure that both parties are able to consent to a sexual encounter.
How to - iPhone 6 App store and installing apps
Escorts female craigslist sex adds
Watch a couple have sex infront of you. Blog - Posts List There are many variations of passages. Companion app - 35 Melbourne.
Causal sex sex finder free
People use Skout to meet people nearby, see who has been peeping their profile, browse local hotties, or earn points to unlock premium features. Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.
Title: Wyatt, John
Source text: The Medical and Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion. (1861-65.), Part 2, Volume 1 (Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1879), 195.
Civil War Washington ID: med.d1e41506
TEI/XML: med.d1e41506.xml
Case from the case-book of the THIRD DIVISION of the ALEXANDRIA HOSPITAL, Surgeon Edwin Bentley, U. S. V., in charge:⃰
CASE 482.— Private John Wyatt, company B, 75th Ohio volunteers; admitted from the hospital of the 11th Corps, Fairfax Court-House, Virginia, January 22, 1863. Chronic diarrhœa of long standing. The patient was at first able to sit up and walk around a little, but soon grew feeble, and was confined to bed. He was somewhat emaciated. At the date of admission the discharges from the bowels were watery, more or less yellowish, and varied in frequency from half a dozen to a dozen in the twenty-four hours; they were attended with some little pain and tenesmus; there was more or less abdominal tenderness, and occasional colicky pains, which, however, were not severe; the stomach was irritable, and there was considerable nausea, especially after taking food, drink, or medicine; he had but little appetite for food, and complained of constant thirst; the pulse was small, frequent and feeble; the respiration unembarrassed. Treatment: Various astringents, especially acetate of lead, sulphate of copper, and tannic acid, were successively employed in combination with opium; occasionally a small dose of castor oil was administered; cod-liver oil in moderate doses was given as an analeptic; it was administered in peppermint-water, and was tolerated by the stomach better than any other medicine tried; rubefacients were applied to the abdomen. Milk, eggs, and farinaceous articles were mainly employed as food, and gum-water, toast-water, and tea for drink; but there seemed to be no power to assimilate nutriment, and the patient gradually sank, his intellect remaining clear to the last. Died, February 13th. Autopsy ninety hours after death: Body extremely emaciated. The thoracic viscera were normal. The stomach was healthy. There were patches of inflammation in the ileum, but no enlargement or ulceration of the glands of Peyer; there was a well-marked intussusception about an inch long in the lower part of the ileum. The omentum was atrophied, its bloodvessels injected. The mesenteric glands were enlarged. The liver was healthy. [There is no record of the condition of the large intestine.]
⃰.Jetradar will find you the cheapest airfare for London – Udon Thani by comparing the costs of flights to Udon Thani using 45 agencies, five booking systems, and 728 airlines. Where exactly you buy tickets for London – Udon Thani is up to you.
Please keep in mind that, depending on the number of days remaining until your departure, the price of a ticket for London – Udon Thani could change by more than 0%.
Jetradar suggests purchasing tickets for London – Udon Thani in advance so you can choose your flight conditions and focus on your preferences and financial capabilities.- Worldwide Rank #91,326,782
- Follower/Following Ratio 0.33
- Daily New Followers 0
송진우 Twitter Stats
@01031947537 - Tracking 송진우 Twitter profile since May 16, 2014
송진우's story
송진우, also known as @01031947537 has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the 30% percentile for account strength. Active on Twitter since February 2013, 송진진우's follower-to-following ratio, which is 0.33. This actually doesn't reflect so well on this account's strength.
Over the past month, @01031947537's was hardly active on Twitter, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 4 since @010319475<<
송진우 Tweets
@01031947537 has posted 0 tweets in the last 12 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
송진우 Twitter Followers
@01031947537 has 103 followers on Twitter.
This account is #91,326,782 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
송진우 Following on Twitter
@01031947537 is following 316 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account stopped following 18 users.
송진우 Predictions & Milestones
@01031947537 will hit 103 followers in the next 3 months, and 103 in one year.
You are on 송진우's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since May 16, 2014 . You can see how many followers 송진우 to yourself ? Or if you are 송.Biceps exercises’
Training For Biceps exercisesPosted: 22nd August 2010 by Darren in Biceps exercises
Tags: Bicep Exercises, biceps, Biceps exercises, Biceps Exercises For Women, exercise, muscle, training, weight training, workout
So you want to know how to big build biceps? Well it is no secret that every lifter out there in the gym wants to build those big muscular arms and they usually place arm training as one of their main focus areas in their training.
The funny thing is that despite being at the top of priorities for most people at the gym. The vast majority of trainees actually have a very poor understanding of what it takes to stimulate maximum arm growth.
Biceps Exercises TipsPosted: 16th August 2010 by Darren in Biceps exercises
Tags: Bicep Exercises, biceps, Biceps exercises, biceps workout, exercise, exercises, Tips, training, weight training, workout
As a beginner, it’s often difficult to get into weight training and working out. Most beginners (including me when I was a beginner) don’t want to approach the big guys and ask them questions about workouts and what they’re doing. In today’s article we’re going to look at the top 10 bicep workout and bicep exercise mistakes. The aim of this article is to help people who are new to bicep workout and bicep trainingtechniques.
The 3 Bicep Exercises You Need For Big ArmsPosted: 16th August 2010 by Darren in Biceps exercises
Tags: Arms, bicep, Bicep Exercises, Biceps exercises, Biceps Exercises For Women, Biceps exercises mistakes, biceps workout, Bodybuilding, exercises, mass, muscle, Need, over training, reverse barbell curl, strenth training, training
So you want big biceps and you are wondering “what bicep exercises Should I do?” Yes you have tried all the bicep exercise like standing bicep curl but you are not seeing the gains you want Another good bicep exercise you have used is the preacher curl but again no gains to speak off When it comes to the best bicep exercises there are no set good ones, they all work but the magic happens when you do them the right away ,!
Olympic Style EZ Curl BarPosted: 13th August 2010 by Darren in Biceps exercises
Tags: Biceps exercises, Curl, Olympic, Style
This item does not ship to a P.O. Box, APO/FPO, or outside the 48 Mainland States. Product DescriptionOlympic Style EZ Curl Bar. . . More >> Olympic Style EZ Curl BarA.
It does, to some extent, clarify plenty of the controversy within the solution and it’s popularly in advertising and marketing by 3rd parties (we do not get any affiliate revenue as a result of this overview). Please read the subsequent breakdown of ZetaClear, it’s positives and negatives, and feel free to share any feed-back you have regarding your knowledge using this product or service by having our .
Fungavir is yet another pretty properly rated OTC treatment for nail fungus. This solution performs in two techniques. Anti-fungal components present in this remedy Focus on eliminating the fungus although organic oils in the formulation Focus on healing the surrounding space. Since the formulation of Fungavir is made of several purely natural and unique elements it is able to handle all types of Nail Fungus infections.
When compared to the opposite remedies talked about earlier mentioned, Kerasal is likewise more handy and simpler to use due to the fact only just one each day application – during the night time prior to gonna mattress – is necessary.
No side effects have been noted by the vast majority of people that tried them. Recommendation: To seriously tackle your nail fungus dilemma, we recommend deciding on purely natural treatment options using a proven history and substantial accomplishment costs.
Pursuing your Directions, my nail fungus has practically cleared, and I am purchasing two much more bottles for continuing elimination of nail fungus!"
In case you examine several reviews on this solution, you'll discover that there are quite a few statements bordering it.
That each one sounds terrific, but I am anxious that if that is all I do that it'll unfold to my other nails or spread further taking on to get over the entire nail. I have not noticed any posts with individuals acquiring rid of insignificant fungus by just trimming, if I've results I will post. However, I am keeping close eye and if fungus starts to even more distribute I could attempt the peroxide or bleach remidies prompt above.
This gets a Thumbs Up ranking rationale remaining that utilizing the products you have a real possibility of removing the trouble. This products did get the highest rating of 4 stars and over simply because you'll find in fact some detrimental consumer reviews. We have now also tried this. Although it does function, It isn't as swift as the other for instance Funginix, Zetaclear, or Terrasil, In the event the challenge ever occurs once more, you realize you have an answer to fall back on.
Which OTC remedies basically perform? There are lots of above-the-counter (OTC) nail fungus treatment plans currently available available on the market. These solutions don't require any prescription and can easily be obtained at your local pharmacy or over the internet.
This around-the-counter topical product is produced from several different all-natural components that have been used for hundreds, if not hundreds, of decades to treat an array of health-related difficulties. A few elements read more you'll discover in Zetaclear include:
The Internet has become among the incredibly very first places folks seem to when hunting for answers for their health conditions. House cures utilizing a range of standard products and solutions in various or unconventional strategies have become extremely well-liked subject areas of debate online.
1 promising about-the-counter treatment method for nail fungus is tea tree oil (Melaleuca alternifolia). The latest, smaller research have revealed that 100% concentrations in the oil may be able to remedy 20% of those who use it and increase nail physical appearance in about two-thirds of sufferers. A 0.05 ounce bottle from the oil costs less than 10 bucks.
Despite the fact that there appears being numerous combined reviews regarding this product or service, we should Notice it consists of incredibly very similar qualities to other very well reviewed goods containing a similar Lively ingredient although, it's click here a higher price point.
zetaclear reviews Options
A.Transform your home with these must buy Dollar Tree items for decorators and crafters!
FOR THE LOVE OF SPRAY PAINT! fun projects if I ever have the time Take plastic tubs from the Dollar Store, and upgrade them using metallic spray paint to give them a galvanized finish! -- 29 Cool Spray Paint Ideas That Will Save You A Ton Of Money
Dollar store glassware makes great hurricane candle holders. These look great.
Cosmetics Storage DIY Dollar Store Crafts for Teens
Mirror Panels From Dollar Store Mirrors
DIY spray painted plastic & glass dollar store find turned into a little birdbath with bird perched on it, how cute for the garden party!
This lovely beaded chandelier is made from a hanging basket from the dollar store as well as some Mardi Gras style beads.
How to make a lamp! A super easy tutorial for an affordable and unique lamp made from a big glass water jug found at a thrift store. Great DIY home decor idea!A monthly rememberance of our Lord's broken body and the shed blood for the sin's of those who believe. It is a time of reflection and a time of turning from our sin. Our communion is open to all who have put their faith alone in His finished work on the cross.Café
▼ BEST OF MIAMI
MIAMI’S FIVE BEST VEGETABLE DISHES
Lush palms, sandy coastlines, and blooming orange blossoms make spring in Miami worthwhile (and the loomingin- your-mouth feeling with a mix of tangy, vivid flavors and sweet and savory textures.
Mango salad at Zest (200 Biscayne Blvd., Miami):.
Cauliflower at Kyu (251 NW 25th St., Miami):.
Burrata at the Continental (2360 Collins Ave., Miami Beach): a following main dish.
Avocado toast at Zak the Baker (405 NW 26th St., Miami): tomato chunks, pinches of cilantro, and some sprouts. The colorful ingredients add a light and airy feel to the avocado’s rich texture, creating the quintessential springtime dish. Pro tip: Keep a knife and a fork nearby because the veggies are known to get a little messy.
- Harissa carrot salad at Sugarcane Raw Bar Grill (3252 NE First Ave., Miami): Executive chef Timon Balloo’s salad looks too good to eat, but know that it’s worth every crunchy bite (don’t forget to Instagram it beforehand). His harissa and carrot salad blend ($12) fuses golden raisins and curry yogurt with pinches of the chili pepper and paprika paste. Though small, the dish is packed with rich flavors sure to overwhelm your taste buds with a medley of aromas and textures. CLARISSA BUCH
RESTAURANT NEWS
ICEBOX CAFE AND THE MEDITERRANEAN KITCHEN COMING TO AVENTURA
Robert Siegmann, the man who created Icebox Cafe more than 15 years ago, is opening two other locations. But this time, they won’t be inside bustling airport terminals.
The industrial-designed organic café, which has three express spots for busy and hungry travelers in Miami International and Dallas Fort Worth airports, will open a second stand-alone location in Aventura ParkSquare, a mixed-use development with a health and wellness spin in north Aventura. The Mediterranean Kitchen, Siegmann’s airport-only fast-casual eatery at MIA, will open its first flagship location steps from Icebox Cafe in Aventura ParkSquare too.
“We strongly believe in the Aventura ParkSquare project,” Siegmann says, “in terms of their focus, akin to ours, on health and wellness. In my opinion, Aventura is also a highly underserved community in need of well-executed concepts.”
Similar to Icebox Cafe, the Mediterranean Kitchen will offer a selection of healthy, all-natural grab-and-go eats like sandwiches and wraps, with a unique Mediterranean twist. It will have an organic juice bar and smoothie station attached to it as well.
“The Mediterranean Kitchen’s graband- go model is perfectly suited to address the needs of the mindful eater who seeks unexpectedly upscale comfort in the form of fresh, natural, well-prepared delicious food served in a warm and friendly setting,” Siegmann says.
Both eateries, he says, will offer catering to the building’s office tenants and nearby neighbors for corporate gatherings, events, and meetings. “We have found there is a growing demand for fresh, healthy, all-natural food on the go,” he says, “because people continue to be more aware of what they put in their bodies.”
Located on the corner of 2900 Waterways Blvd. And NE 207 Street, Aventura ParkSquare is slated to open in 2017, along with a myriad of other concepts, including Cycle House, Green Monkey Yoga, Barry’s Bootcamp, and Graziano’s Market, plus a residential condo, a hotel, and corporate offices. CLARISSA BUCH
RESTAURANT NEWS
BRICKELL CITY CENTRE TO OPEN HUGEfoot a location piazze, to Miami’s urban core, creating a vibrant central destination for the Brickell community and beyond. A food market is the heart and soul of most major Italian cities; now the same will be true here in Miami.” Cinemex, an upscale movie theater chain with a luxury dining and drinking component. Mexico-based Cinemex is the sixth-largest cinema chain in the world, but this is the company’s first U.S. outpost.
No word when the food hall concept will open, but the retail component is slated to open this fall.
Though this may be the first Miami food hall to open,. LAINE DOSS
RESTAURANT OPENING
RICHARD HALES’ BIRD & BONE SERVES HOT CHICKEN
Sakaya Kitchen and Blackbrick’s Richard Hales recently opened Bird & Bone, a summer concept that features chicken, ribs, and sides, at the Wynwood Yard (56 NW 29th St., Miami).
Bird & Bone has set up shop for the spring and summer. Hales’ Dim Ssäm à Gogo truck has been at the Wynwood Yard since January, and the chef thinks it’s time to try a different concept. The truck has undergone a transformation into Bird & Bone and was outfitted with a new façade that makes it look more like a structure than a vehicle. “We signed a three-month lease to do Bird & Bone,” Hales says. “If it does well, we’ll renew and possibly then look for a brick offers one particular trending item sorely lacking in Miami: hot chicken.
His dish rests has made its way north to Chicago, where it’s a staple at Parson’s Chicken & Fish. In Miami, it’s nearly impossible to find. “I looked into that and asked, ‘Why is KFC the only option for this national trend in Miami?’ ” Hales says. “I tried the KFC version, and they’re not even doing it right.”
The menu features chicken wings ($7.50), nuggets ($5.50), and a half-chicken ($12.50) — all served at heat levels ranging from mild to fiery. (There’s also an option to order “Southern” style with no sauce.)
The chef says each heat level also incorporates different flavor profiles. “I deal with spicy food a lot, and I have for seven years. I know how to do it well. We’re testing the spice blends, and I’ve pretty much nailed it.” For instance, the Nashville hot ’n’ numbing style (level “fak’n hot” on the menu) incorporates traditional Nashville hot sauce with the numbing oil Hales uses at Blackbrick. “It’s sort of an American thing mixed with my Asian pantry.” All chicken dishes are made with birds from Florida Fresh in Ocala.
In addition, Hales offers a rib of the day ($10). “We do a lot of cumin lamb ribs, so look for that on the menu. We’ll be making both dry and wet rubs to go with the meats.”
No chicken or rib meal is complete without sides. Bird & Bone offers and fast-casual..”
Most. LAINE DOSS
Cafe@MiamiNewTimes.comHope This Helps:
Motherhood has been my greatest leadership test. Until today, I don’t know that I recognized it as leadership. It was nurturing, supporting, providing, and praying. But when I see potential, ability and drive in others, sometimes I switch into Brandi the mother. I’ve learned that my mothering may not be too bad.
- My version of mothering does not include smothering and slobbering. Although, I have had my moments of giving a ton of hugs and kisses. It is being the person I believe Brandice asked for at birth. I give her my unbiased truth in my best, calm tone, using the best words in my vocabulary and being mindful of her experience and maturity.
- I am not always her best role model, but I am always her teacher. She has the unique position of having to learn from my successes and failures close up. In that way, I am mentor and sponsor, with skin in the game to ensure she succeeds.
- Since she was sent to learn from me, I know she cannot be me. Neither one of us desire for her to be a replica of me, although on occasion I hope she misses some of my annoying traits. I give her the space and latitude to be herself and develop in ways she needs me to stay out of the way to do.
As in motherhood, you have to be a great communicator as a leader. You have to provide enough access and modeling of behavior for your team to get a true sense of how to deal and handle situations in your absence. It also helps to have some skin in the game giving them the tools required to be successful. Finally, you must give them the space to develop and be themselves. I have not read a leadership book that says any one leadership style is the only successful one.
And if you are a Mom, I hope this list reminds you of the huge leadership responsibility associated with raising exceptional humans. It’s our most important role on earth.
Happy Mother’s Day!
I asked to grow and God said, here you go. So I hope my growth helps you.
XO,
Brandi
#HopeThisHelps #Session Type(s): Panel
Starts: Saturday, Aug. 12 3:00 PM
Ends: Saturday, Aug. 12 4:15 PM
Room: Hanover F
Who doesn’t love a breakout petition? Or a viral infographic? What about an unexpectedly engaging call alert? Great, right? But also: TROLLING. The panel will discuss trolling as a tactic to educate new audiences, hit hard at the opposition, and generate opportunities that convert people to action. This panel will focus on how bold, cheeky, and deliberately provocative campaigns can be leveraged to not just egg on the opposition, but tell a story that leads to progressive wins. Panelists will describe how this tactic shapes their work and share best practices, and will invite participants to identify what real-time campaigns they’re running that could benefit from a dose of #trololol’ing.
Emma Boorboor is a Campaign Director at UltraViolet, where she runs rapid response campaigns to end.
Anna is the Outreach + Volunteer Coordinator at Lady Parts Justice, where she loves working with the team to bust abortion stigma, use comedy to expose anti-choice douchebaggery, and create & lift up ways for people to take action for abortion access and reproductive rights across the country. Anna has an MSW from Hunter College in NYC, where she was propelled into working on grassroots social justice campaigns, most recently as the Campaign Coordinator for Teachers Unite. She has written for BUST Magazine, created advocacy videos for several nonprofit organizations, and she co-created the short film Obvious Child.
Sean Carlson is a Senior Vice President at Revolution Messaging. As an expert in strategic communications and online organizing, Sean works at the intersection of digital media, culture, and organizing with clients such as the Alliance For Justice, The Clooney Foundation for Justice, the Independent Drivers Guild, and UltraViolet.
Sean has helped launch a nationwide campaign to close youth prisons, was the cochair of communications for the United for Marriage coalition during the landmark marriage equality cases in 2013, and has served as a teaching and training fellow at the New Organizing Institute.
Sean was formerly a professional Trombonist, studying at Duquesne and Carnegie Mellon Universities, and is proud to have multiple degrees in Bass Trombone performance that he’s totally using (sorry Mom!). He lives in Hyattsville, MD with his husband Jamie McGonnigal and their dog Eli.
Other sessions: Resistance Through the Courts: Our First Line of Defense Against Trump's Agenda: Net Neutrality and the Fight to Regain It, Digital Sanctuary: Combatting Bias and Racism in Tech Tools and Policies
Bridget Todd is a political strategist, educator, writer and community organizer. She currently works as the digital training manager for the New Organizing Institute.
Her writing on race, politics, and culture has appeared at the Atlantic, the Huffington Post, Jezebel, BuzzFeed, the Aerogram, DCentric, Racialicious and several other outlets.
She has held regular contributing writer positions at PolicyMic and Generation Progress, the millennial arm of Center for American Progress, a progressive public policy and advocacy organization. She has also discussed her experiences with racial profiling on the Daily Show.
Other sessions: Holy Sh*t: Where Did All These People Come From?How much does it cost to stage a grand prix?
There is good reason why countries are so keen to host a grand prix. With 425 million television viewers every year, Formula 1 gives host nations high-octane exposure and it puts them on the global sporting map alongside exotic venues such as Monaco and Singapore. Unlike the Olympics and football World Cup, F1 is associated with glitz and glamour, and takes place every year. However, it doesn’t come cheap.
On the face of it, Formula 1 races seem like they should be inexpensive to stage. After all, the only facilities required are seats for spectators and a stretch of tarmac for the cars to race on. In reality this couldn’t be further from the truth.
Setting up street races
There is no such thing as hosting a grand prix on the cheap, but the quickest way to pull it off is to run a street race. They tend to be located on public roads in cities or on the outskirts of town, while permanent circuits are purpose-built venues designed specifically to host high-level motor races.
Street races are cheaper to stage than those on purpose-built tracks since they don’t require construction of a new venue. They also promote the host nation more effectively as local city landmarks are seen by the millions of TV viewers.
However, the annual running costs of a street race are far greater than those of one on a permanent circuit. This is because temporary grandstands need to be built and the roads need to be upgraded to F1’s high safety standard, which is known as grade 1 homologation and is set by its governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile.
There is no such thing as hosting a grand prix on the cheap, but the quickest way to pull it off is to run a street race
At a total cost of $16 million, staffing is the biggest single expense for operators of street races with the marketing and organisation team alone requiring a budget of around $6.5 million. In total, running a street race requires a crew of around 600 with the vast majority being temporary workers. That excludes 120 firefighters and 550 marshals who are often volunteers.
Next comes, including cranes and approximately 350 fire extinguishers which need to be placed every 15 metres around the track. Capping it all off is a payment of around $1 million for insurance.
In total, the annual operating cost of an F1 street race is in the region of $57.5 million. Then comes the hosting fee. The average F1 race hosting fee is around $30 million, but the sting in the tail of the contract is that the price increases by as much as 10 per cent every year. Most new F1 race contracts are for ten years so by the end of the agreement the annual fee comes to $70.7 million thanks to the escalator clause in the contract.
It means that over the ten-year race duration, the bill for hosting fees totals an estimated $478.1 million with the costs of running the race amounting to $575 million. It brings total expenses to a cool $1 billion.
Assessing alternatives
One way to avoid the high annual running costs is to host a race on a permanent facility. While this doesn’t require repurposing roads and building temporary facilities every year, it does incur a huge upfront cost.
There are two possibilities. The first is using an existing circuit, but this means the promoter has to settle for whatever flaws it comes with and, unless it has been designed with F1 in mind, it could also require significant conversion costs to ensure it is up to grade 1 homologation. This alone can run into tens of millions of dollars, but the rewards can be rich.
Last November, the Mexican Grand Prix returned to the F1 calendar after a 23-year absence with a race on the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez track in the heart of the country’s capital Mexico City. It was home to the previous race and has been given a new lease of life, with the highlight being a new section of track weaving through a baseball diamond which was packed with fans on race day.
A total of 90,000 fans flocked to the track on Friday, 111,000 on Saturday and 134,850 for the race on Sunday, generating an overall attendance of 335,850. Eye-catching “Back in Mexico” banners were draped all around the circuit, but the real impact was felt further afield.
According to industry analysts STR Global, the night before the race the average daily rate in Mexico City hotels was $258.79, a 128.1 per cent increase on the same day the previous year. Occupancy in Mexico City hotels was also up and rose 64.4 per cent on the same day in 2014 to 81.8 per cent. Hotels, therefore, benefit from the race being in the heart of the city, which usually isn’t possible when building a track from scratch as so much space is required.
The most successful example of this is F1’s newest purpose-built track, Circuit of the Americas in Austin, the capital of Texas. It has hosted the United States Grand Prix since 2012.
Designing a track from scratch gives the promoter complete creative flexibility, which can make all the difference when it comes to attracting interest in the race. In its first two years, the US Grand Prix had the second-highest attendance of any race, but slipped to fourth in 2015 as it was awash with torrential rain.. Ironically, paying this is the easy part of the process. The race organisers then have to sell all the tickets, promote the event and ultimately showcase the host country to the world. That is F1’s grand prize.
REVERSING SILVERSTONE’S FORTUNES
The British Grand Prix should logically be the most secure race on the Formula 1 calendar as its home of Silverstone hosted the first race of the championship in 1950 and has the highest attendance. However, talks are now underway about selling a lease on the track to luxury car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover to secure the future of the race. So how did this happen?
Built on the site of a former airfield, Silverstone is owned by the British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC), a group of 850 racing luminaries including Nigel Mansell, Damon Hill, Jenson Button and current F1 champion Lewis Hamilton.
Over the past six years, the BRDC has tried to sell a long lease on Silverstone to reduce the club’s exposure to risk. The British Grand Prix is the only event on the F1 international calendar to receive no government funding. Instead, Silverstone has to use the proceeds from ticket sales and has had to boost prices to match annual increases in the F1 hosting fee, which comes to an estimated £17.6 million this year.
The track has also been suffering from a loss of rental income after leasing 280 acres of surrounding land in 2013 to business park operator MEPC to clear is debts. The BRDC’s plight has led to it paying the hosting fee for the British Grand Prix in arrears meaning that a letter of credit from bankers is necessary for the race to go ahead. As every year goes by the pressure on Silverstone increases because the price of its F1 race hosting fee rises by 5 per cent annually..
65 / 72
Further round the east curve from West Ealing Junction and the lines from Hanwell Junction forming the west side of the triangle can be seen ahead at Drayton Green Junction, where the bubblecar has a yellow signal to proceed through Drayton Green station. On the left is an old GWR SW sign for "Sound Whistle". 12:32, Thursday 4th February 2010. Digital Image No. GMPI4470.
GMPI4470PoV960014DraytonGreenJcnWe were hosted by Disney to facilitate my park reviews. All opinions shared are 100% my own
You can easily build an appetite walking Animal Kingdom. You are in luck because it is a great place to let your inner foodie roar in flavorful satisfaction. That is because a visit to Animal Kingdom.
is a fantastic a culinary safari! The different Disney dining options at the Animal Kingdom are varied as well as delicious. Where to eat, where to eat? Get ready for a fantastic Animal Kingdom taste expedition with our Disney Animal Kingdom Restaurant Guide.
Culinary Safari Ready: Disney Animal Kingdom Restaurant Guide
Being able to discover new dishes might be very interesting to me, but not so much for my 9-year-old picky eater. Not a problem because while some of the flavors are exotic and from far away lands, you can easily find familiar dishes as well. That means that your fussy/ picky eaters fussy/ picky eaters and the foodies in your party both with find food that will make them happy. It also allows for you to bring out adventure for your taste buds 🙂 Get your eating expedition hats on. Here is the Disney’s Animal Kingdom Restaurant Guide! The restaurants included below all participate in the Disney Dining Plan.
Table Service Restaurants ($15.00 and over)
- Tiffins: this place not only serves the signature dining at Animal Kingdom, it also is like a gallery of fabulous objects that represent the spirit of the park. Appropriately for our traveling mom world, it celebrates travel and adventure!
- Food type: Asian, African and South American
- Price range: $$$
Cool mom tip: even if you are not dining here, you should ask for a chance to admire the items exhibited here.
- Tusker House: character dining avialable here! Get ready for a delicious buffet that offers safari outfit character dining! What I like the best about this restaurant is that you can get picky eaters to try some African food while they get comforted with their American faves.
- Food type: fusion Asian
- Price range: $$-$$$
Cool mom tip:little ones have their own serving station made to their smaller size!
Cool mom tip:don’t try to wing it, get a reservation beforehand. Also, wait times could be long even with a reservation.
- Rainforest Café: You might just miss this restaurant on your way in or out of the park. It is hidden to your left if you are arriving at Animal Kingdom.
- Food type: American
- Price range: $$
Cool mom tip: expect the same as you would at any other restaurant of this franchise.Before you leave the park enjoy the Tree of Life show Tree of Life show!
- Yak and Yeti: The mystery of the Yeti captivates my heart. It also captivates the explorer spirit and mixes in some local flair. I can totally see this restaurant set as a private club stop for fine gentlemen on expedition in a far off land.
- Food type: fusion Asian
- Price range: $$
Cool mom tip: if you are a member of the Landry’s Select Club, you can get a discount here. Don’t forget about the Rivers of Light ShowRivers of Light Show nearby!
Quick Service Restaurants ($14.99 and under)
- Flame Tree BBQ: The smells of this place lead you blindfolded to it! Here you sit next to the Discovery river (where the Rivers of Light show takes place) amidst a lush greenery to enjoy shaded outdoor dining of big portions.
- Food type: American, BBQ
- Price range: $
Cool mom tip: birds might be a bit eager to share your meal.
- Harambe Market: If you are ready to fuel your safari expedition near the train station, stop over at Harambe Market to discover Chef Mwanga’s Ribs Shop, Famous Sausages (for sausages fried in curry batter), Kitamu Grill, and Wanjohi Refreshment to wet your whistle.
- Food type: African
- Price range: $
Cool mom tip seating can be limited so have a divide and conquer type strategy 🙂
- Pizzafari: every wall in this restaurant depicts enormous animals that will accompany you as your lunch or dine.
Cool mom tip: all the dining rooms here have different animal themes.
- Restaurantsaurus: You don’t have to dig far to get a big sized meal here! If you have a paleontologist in your party, they will love the different artifacts and equipment on display as they eat.
- Food type: American
- Price range: $
Cool mom tip if you like the topping’s bar at Magic Kingdoms Pecos Bill, you will love the one here too.
- NEW! Satu’Li Canteen: enjoy Na’vi decor in this beautiful new restaurant located at the World of Pandora opening on May 27th. Flavorful familiar dishes with a twist inspired by the healthy bounty of the Na’vi await you!
- Food type: American with a twist
- Price range: $$
Cool mom tip: use My Disney Experience app to order and avoid the line!
- Yak & Yeti Local Café: get your Asian fix or vegetarian meal in an outdoor setting under giant canvas umbrellas.
- Food type: Pan- Asian
- Price range: $
Cool mom tip: every dining hall has a different animal theme to it.
Animal Kingdom Eating Expedition Ready!
Personally, I love that eating at Animal Kingdom can be not only a celebration of cultures but also a learning hands-on experience that invite us to discover new flavors in fantastic settings. What a fabulous way to experience another side of the magic of Disney with recipes, dish presentation, restaurant decor and even the menus.
Now that you are ready for your culinary safari, where will this Disney AnimKingdom Restaurant Guide take you first?
You make me dream of visiting Animal Kingdom restaurants!
What a great guide. Thanks for putting it together.
Good to know in advance where to go. It definitely takes away some of the stress
What a wide selection of options, cuisine styles and price points. That is quite a list and a great guide to anyone that will be attending. Another good reason to visit Animal Kingdom.
This is a great guide to the restaurants at Animal Kingdom. We are going there in the summer. I will have to save this post.
I think Disney makes having fun with kids so easy! And any mom knows how difficult having fun can be!
Animal Kingdom is by far my favorite disney kingdom. I have yet to eat at these places though. Thank you for the review and prices of each, super helpful!
I am going to Disney in September for the Food and Wine Festival and Pandora is high on my list. I haven’t ever eaten at Tiffens, but now, I am intrigued by the Pandora restaurant. I didn’t know that was there. I may have to do that.
I like how you listed the price point of each eating resturant. My personal favourite from your description has to be Yak and Yeti as I do like Asian food x
This is awesome! When you have kids, you have to figure out how to go somewhere where the kids will be excited to eat and you can have an adult meal too.
So nice. Had no idea they had such a variety at Disney animal kingdom. We are looking to plan a trip sometime after the summer. Thanks !!
I love Animal Kingdom. Our family really likes the tonga toast too! Great list!
Woooow! This is soooo cool.
I didn’t even know that Disney has a Dining Plan! How does that work exactly?
Oh gosh! Animal Kingdom Restaurants look amazing and I’m sure my kids would love them. I’d love to go there right now.
I would love to dine here,and I guess my little girl too as she loves animals! 😉
Looks like lots of good options. Is there a lot of variety though?
Yes there is! Asia, African, America, Italian so much to try!TSX - CUF.UN QUEBEC CITY, April 20 /CNW Telbec/ - Cominar Real Estate Investment Trust ("Cominar" or the "REIT") will hold its Annual and Special Meeting of Unitholders on May 15, 2007, in Quebec City. When: Tuesday, May 15, 2007 11:00 a.m. (ET) Where: Hilton Quebec Hotel 1100 René Lévesque Blvd East Quebec (Quebec) Michel Dallaire, President and Chief Executive Officer, will review the REIT's progress in the past year and share his outlook and plans for the year ahead. There will be a question and answer period following the presentation. In addition, Cominar will release its 2007 first quarter results on the same day and will hold a conference call at 2:30 p.m. (ET) to discuss the REIT's financial results and performance for the first quarter. Presentation materials will be made available on our Tuesday, May 15, at 4:30 p.m. to Tuesday, May 22, at 11:59 p.m. by dialing 1-877-289-8525, followed by the code 21227271#. The event will be simultaneously webcast at and archived for 90 days. PROFILE as at April 20, 2007 ---------------------------- Cominar is one of the largest commercial real estate property owners and managers in the province of Quebec. It owns a high quality portfolio of 145 properties in the Greater Montreal and Quebec City areas, consisting of 16 office, 32 retail, and 97 industrial and mixed-use buildings, totalling more than 10.4 million square feet. The REIT's objectives are to deliver to its unitholders growing cash distributions and to maximize unitholder value through proactive management and the growth of its portfolio. Cominar has a distribution reinvestment plan for its unitholders that allows participants to reinvest their monthly cash distributions in additional Trust units. Participants will be given the right to receive an effective discount of 5% of distributions to which they are entitled in the form of additional units. Additional information and enrollment forms are available at. %SEDAR: 00010204EF
For further information:
For further information: Michel Dallaire, P.Eng., President and Chief Executive Officer,Organic aptitude, supplemented by the required education, are the 1st factors, for without having these results in almost any route is but unwell certain.
Notice then what degree is around the Midheaven inside the column marked ten (10th Household), and depend the number of degrees among this Midheaven plus the Midheaven at start. The end result will give the age at which the results of this kind of planets are going to be seasoned.
This consists of a horoscope set for the time of your Moon’s return to precisely the same length within the Solar that it held at[Pg 140] birth, which distance is known as the elongation. This evaluate is predicated upon the relative motions with the Sunshine and Moon during the zodiac following birth. So In case the imply movement of your Solar for someday be taken as 59′ Which of the Moon as thirteen� eleven′, then the necessarily mean elongation with the Moon are going to be 12� twelve′. But the Solar and Moon are both equally topic to some variation in the imply motion, and so the elongation on the Moon is surely an inconstant quantity. The only real indicates of effecting the calculation, consequently, is by reference to the ephemeris with the 12 months of beginning. Then, having the Moon’s radical elongation, the successive dates at which this elongation is recurring are to become pointed out, and each of these is accounted as a single calendar year of lifetime.
The general craze from the disposition and routine of head is judged by the posture of the majority of the planets, according to the “Constitution” with the Signals they occupy. Therefore, virtually all the planets getting in—
” If even a lot of as 7 new planets really should be identified, there would nonetheless not be just one paragraph of this e book which might want revising. What is understood with regards to planetary action in human everyday living is known with wonderful certainty, and the consequences of 1 World can by no means be confounded with All those of another. Incomplete because it ought to needs be, it truly is nonetheless a veritable science each concerning its concepts and practice. It claims for itself a spot Amongst the sciences for the sole motive that it's capable of mathematical demonstration, and offers only with the noticed positions and motions of your heavenly bodies; and The person who holds to your principia of Newton, the solidarity of the solar method, the interaction from the planetary bodies and their consequent electrostatic effects[Pg 12] upon the Earth, can not, even though subject matter to your air he breathes, deny the inspiration rules of astrology. The appliance of those ideas for the facts of daily life is entirely a make any difference of prolonged research and tabulation on an elaborate scale that has been happening for 1000s of a long time in all portions of the earth, so that each one the reader must do is to create his own horoscope and set the science to your examination of correct or Untrue. The current author is in a position to recognize that the study of astrology on the existing day is no fewer sincere than commonly distribute, but handful of care to let their scientific studies be identified, for, as Prof. F. Max M�ller a short while ago stated, “So great is definitely the ignorance which confounds a science necessitating the highest education and learning, with that in the ordinary gipsy fortune-teller.” That to which The good Kepler was compelled “by his unfailing encounter of your training course of events in harmony Along with the modifications occurring within the heavens,” to subscribe “an unwilling belief,” the science which was practised and advocated by Tycho Brahe less than all assaults of fortune and adverse opinion, the art that arrested the eye with the youthful Newton and set him pondering upon the issues of power and matter, which fascinated the minds of these types of Gentlemen as Francis Bacon, Archbishop Usher, Haley, Sir George Witchell, Flamstead, and a host of Some others, is usually to-day the favorite concept of thousands of smart minds and bids reasonable to be a topic of well-known inquiry.
Now a man who has become hammered relatively seriously and in fairly an surprising manner, is generally open up to conviction of fact when he finds that the nature and date of his disaster are actually properly foretold. Being a man of “widespread-sense” and not of intuition, he will probably believe the Astrologer could possibly even have saved him from the results of his personal not enough foresight.
Making use of these significations towards the interpretation of the horoscope It will probably be witnessed that if Mars really should be increasing at this time of start there will be described as a scar or mark within the face.
First of all it will help him to realize an insight into individual motive and character which no other science can perhaps afford. It can enable him to grasp himself, his possess strength and weak spot, and so fit him to offer harmoniously and justly with Other individuals. It will enrich his options to the extent that he can foresee and utilize all benefic influences functioning by way of his individual ecosystem. It will give him timely warning of his method of the quicksands and pitfalls which occur in his passage by way of life. He[Pg one hundred ten] will discern his Distinctive physical weaknesses, as well as the periods of his predisposition to sickness, the nature thereof, as well as the safeguards which might be needed. He'll know whom to cultivate and whom to prevent, As well as in deciding upon a partner in enterprise or maybe a spouse for his home, he might be guided by a foreknowledge of evils for being averted and of excellent items being attained. He'll pick out his route in everyday life with The arrogance that it's for him the road of minimum resistance and for that reason that of finest development.
But Astrology is not really fatigued within the review of person horoscopes, for there are actually other departments of this my link intensive science. The impact with the planets upon the climate, as embodied in Astro-meteorology; the rise and tumble of Empires, political variations, the outbreak of wars, of revolutions, of epidemics, as outlined by State Astrology a lot in reputation One of the Oriental rulers; the prevalence of tidal waves, earthquakes, together with other seismic phenomena, all type a Portion of the whole products of the sensible Astrologer.
In the same way, the Solar denotes affections which happen to be incidental to the human body, though the Moon denotes such as are accidental thereto.
Major outcomes must not for that reason be referred to inferior causes, and minimal consequences need to not be referred to top-quality triggers. In common or even nationwide cataclysms, unique fortunes are submerged.
The tenth Household signifies the celebrity and honour of someone, and also the 4th Home signifies the tip of lifestyle Which which militates from the fame and honour.
The quadrature of Mars to Uranus will induce momentary outbursts of temper and a few irritability of character, but the character I am delineating isn't this sort of[Pg 118] as can certainly be performed on, for it is remarkably lacking in emotional susceptibility. However, the inspirational school is by no means absent, along with the existence of Neptune in the 9th Home in trine for the climbing Mercury, is an index of appreciable ingenious genius, Extraordinary choice of psychological notion, and telescopic discernment of future situations.
Signs of separation or divorce are as follows: The luminary applying into the sick aspect of a malefic World, Venus stricken, and Uranus while in the 7th Dwelling or afflicting the Moon or Venus.
Details, Fiction and Phone Psychic Readings
Organic aptitude, supplemented by the required education, are the 1st factors, for without having these results in almost any route is but unwell certain.Creeking Day 72 or something Advertisements Share this:EmailTwitterFacebookPinterestGoogleLike this:Like Loading... Related
Hello Monica,
This is a spectacular photo. I am enjoying following your blog. I’m amazed all the places you’ve traveled to. Hopefully see you sometime soon at the Lambert’s.
Paula Dillmann
Thank you, I love getting feedback! I’m so happy to hear that you’re enjoying my blog!“Good teachers are costly, but bad teachers cost more” ~ Bob Talbert
BRAIN TRAIN’s line-up of teachers is its most prized asset, and preparing this line-up is very grueling and is taken very seriously by the management.
After appraising applicants through their résumés to make sure that they will make credible teachers, each aspirant undergoes an impromptu teaching demonstration for the management to determine if he/she is articulate and charismatic. When an applicant passes the teaching demonstration, he/she goes through a series of teaching workshops and seminars with other BRAIN TRAIN teachers to calibrate and choose the best method of teaching and presenting the lessons. He/she will be also required to watch a veteran teacher in action to take notes and to have a feel of how the Brain Train classes are conducted. Only then will he/she be allowed to teach.
These efforts pay off really well because BRAIN TRAIN gives its students teachers who impress and inspire them first, thereby making them listen, laugh…and of course, LEARN. This is why BRAIN TRAIN students always mention in their Post-Review Evaluation that their BRAIN TRAIN teachers are the best teachers they have ever had.Georgianna Dress Tutorial
Open up the lining from the main garment fabric and match RIGHT SIDES together all along the centre BACK seam allowance, from the lining hem to the main garment hem.
Pin and stitch the seam allowance.
Notch the seam intersection at the BACK OPENING POINT to allow the seam to lay flat once turned to the RIGHT SIDE.
Turn the garment to the RIGHT SIDE and press neckline seams.
To insert the SLEEVE use a french seam again:
Begin by inserting the SLEEVE WRONG SIDES together with the garment.
Incase your sleeve head has stretched out of shape, you may need to use the method in Step 6 to regain the correct size to fit the armscye.
Gently ease the SLEEVE head into the armscye, begin by pinning the top centre points to match the shoulder seam. Match the UNDERARM POINT to the side seam then ease the rest in. Stitch a 0.75mm seam allowance.What to Consider Before You Buy a Home
A home is generally the biggest investment a person will make in his or her life. The advantages of buying a home, however, are simple: homes provide shelter, security, and are a symbol of the American dream. However, purchasing a new home is not something that should be taken lightly, and many real estate experts suggest learning some home buying tips before putting pen to paper and officially buying a home.
One of the best home buying tips is to make sure the home you are about to buy is what you are looking for. Some ways to make sure include going to see the home at different times during the day, talking to neighbors, checking out the school district in which the home is located (if you have kids
Continue Reading No CommentsElsewhere this week, word has reached us of a brand-new ladies’ hair salon set to open on Al Wasl Road this September. Inspired by New York’s SoHo lofts, Gloss Salon and Academy promises private parking, distilled water for hair washing, plus a private VIP styling room for those who prefer not to have their tresses tamed in public. For more details, visit.
Men who like to plan ahead should make a note of Jazz Lounge Spa’s (04 345 0036) July promotions now. The Summer Survival package at the Al Barsha men’s spa on Umm Suqeim Road features a sole-reviving mani-pedi and foot reflexology session for just Dhs190 (normally Dhs285), which promises improved circulation, reduced tension and twinklier toes. Treat your battered feet better for almost Dhs100 less.
Finally, after last week’s scorching temperatures, we’re stocking up on KeraStraight sun spray protection for our hair. Get it now for Dhs124 at.
That’s all for this time. See you next week.4830 B St, Sacramento, CA 95819
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 3
- Baths: 2 Full
- Single Family Residence
- 1,602 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $515,000
- Tax Amount
- $5,949
- Last Transaction Date
- 11/07/2016
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $515,000
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Rooms
- 6
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 1,602
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 5,967
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.14
- Year Built
- 1942
-.1
Station Talk / Re: Problem with Objects« on: December 05, 2016, 04:42:55 pm »
Ok, I'll take your advice. Thanks a lot for helping me! I'll reinstall Lisaraye when I have the chance.
This section allows you to view all posts made by this member. Note that you can only see posts made in areas you currently have access to.To: alt.magick From: PAL Subj: I Ching (0000.iching-.pal) Date: unknown Note that both Lao-tse and Kung-tse based their cosmologies on the I-Ching as well as the buddhist Patriarchs' teaching who combined Taoism and Mahayana into Ch'an(Zen). So if you have a previous training in any of those disciplines (*not* simply read about it) it will help you to understand, but be aware that Knug-tse stated explicitly that a man is not able to begin to learn how to understand the I-Ching before being 40 years old, because before that age people have not lived enough to see change in action in the world. Finally, do not waste your time reading Legge's translation unless you are simply interested in the scholar aspects of classical chinese culture. Real magick has no rituals nor fanciness. The I-Ching *is* a source of real power if you understand what I mean. Never despise it. It can be your master if you allow it to talk to you but it will certainly despise you if you are foolish enough to not listen to it. PAL
SEARCH THE ARCANE ARCHIVE
There are thousands of web pages at the ARCANE ARCHIVE. You can use ATOMZ.COM
to search for a single word (like witchcraft, hoodoo, pagan, or magic) or an
exact phrase (like Kwan Yin, golden ratio, or book of shadows):This beautifully wooded acreage features red oak and aspen trees spread along high ridge lines and....
729.27 Acres - $695,900
Ausable, New York / Clinton County
203 Acres - $139,900
Constantia, New York/ Oswego County
This beautiful 203 acre upstate New York property is peaceful and quiet with plenty of wildlife....
23.831 Acres on Private Lake - $89,900
Amboy, New York / Oswego County
This quiet lakefront property is located on beautiful Carterville Pond, a small, private lake in...
10.05 Acres – $34,995
Williamstown, New York / Oswego County
This property sites on over 10 acres and includes 830' of frontage along a big brown trout waterway...
28.44 Acres – $19,900
Parishville, New York / St. Lawrence County
Beautiful forest land is moderately wooded with northern hardwoods including cherry, maple and...
20 Acres - $89,900
Brasher, New York / St. Lawrence County
This wooded 20 acre property in Brasher, NY is located directly on Deer River - one of the most...ST3099 : Jerusalem Close, New Inn
taken 8 years ago, near to Griffithstown, Torfaen/Tor-Faen, Great Britain
Jerusalem Close, New Inn
Houses on the west side of Jerusalem Close, viewed from the Jerusalem Lane end.
- Close (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
ST 305 991 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:41.1803N 3:0.4046W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
ST 306<<Kathleen Galvin, Director of the Africa Center was in Paris the week of November 23 to attend UNESCO sponsored meetings.
In the photo above Ismael from Uganda is standing with Kathy at UNESCO with the Eiffel Tower in the background (photo taken by Beth Holland).
This was followed by an UNESCO held conference on indigenous people and climate change on 26-27 November in Paris, as a lead-up to COP21, the major annual conference of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The UNESCO conference, entitled “Resilience in a Time of Uncertainty: Indigenous peoples and climate change,” brought together over 60 speakers and an audience of over 650 people in plenary and parallel sessions and side-events () .
The event was unusual for its success in bringing indigenous people—from North and South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia and the Pacific—in direct dialogue and exchange with scientists and with policy-makers. The numerous papers focused on the complementarities of indigenous and scientific knowledge about climate change. Kathy gave a talk on her work on ‘African Dryland Peoples and Climate Change: A Knowledge Network for Conservancies’.
Photo 2 is Kathy at the podium in the conference (photo taken by Ben Orlove).THE BIG PHARMA CONSPIRACY - DIABETES AND MERCKThu Jan 9, 2014 15:2071.197.172.103Today I received in the mail another renewal notice for my dog's Verachip in his neck.
The company was bought out by "Home Again", which is owned by MERCK - THEBig Pharma company. On the back of the form ALL companies that are controlled, or owned, by Merck share information.
This means that if MERCK now has on record my complete Military Record and Medical Records. At will this German (Bohemia) company could literally disable my dog and break into my house.
A little History - MERCK was started in Germany in 1668 in Germany selling herbs.
In 1941 MERCK was seized by the NAZIs and continues to be owned by the German Government - although it is on the Stock Market. It's Corporate Sales of MERCK KGaE are around $30 Billion/yr and its MERCK subsidiary around $48 Billion per year.
Total MERCK sales of all subsidiaries run over $100 Billion Dollars per year.
----
MERCK'S DIABETES CONSPIRACY
So here is how this little Diabetes Conspiracy works:
Alloxen is made by MERCK.
Alloxen is used in White Bread to help "Whiten" up the flour. This little chemical is actually formed in small quantities when one eats the NEW GMO wheat and eats high levels 0of Chlorine found in drinking water.
Alloxen mixes with NEW Wheat Protein and forms a chemical that kills Beta cells in your Pancreas and thus induces Diabetes and makes YOU fat.
In fact - if one wished to induce diabetes in lab rats Alloxen is feed to these rats so new Diabetes drugs may be tested.
After MERCK started putting Alloxen in wheat they also began producing a drug called "Metformin." This drug reduced blood sugar levels caused by diabetes, makes you stupid and dissolves your muscles.
Shortly after that MERCK began selling Lisinopril - a drug that stops the High Blood Sugar Levels caused by their Alloxen form destroying your liver,
Both Metformin and Lisinoprin cause Heart, Liver and Kidney problems which are solved by another batch of MERCK drugs.
In other words - these Bohemian NAZIs not only create a disease they come out with the drug that makes you stupid and kills you to counter the effects of the disease they created.
Folks - we lost WW2 because we fell asleep after the war - yet these NAZIs just kept on going.
So what does the IMF Owned Corporation called the FDA think?
They hire MERCK employees in droves - so what do you think.
It is Treason at the top and the Joint chiefs of COWARDS and not going to stop it. Their Commander has Erectile Dis-function and the Chief of the US Marines has a hurt hip. They are worthless to stop this treason.
-------------------
Does the conspiracy end there - I think not.
Well - it appears that Alloxen is also used to make White Rice Noodles all around the world. Apparently what goes in White Rice is not pure rice --- it is a myriad of rotten wheat and pother grains that are bleached.
So you go Gluten Free only to find not only wheat but Alloxen in these Rice and Bean noodles and the FDA turns a deaf ear to this so they can be re-hired by MERCK if needed.
One happy family of fat stupid people running the world - but they are powerful and will continue to be so until GOD pulls the plug.
-----
So what do you do?
1) First - eat Organic. Natural means nothing. We just bought some "Natural" Crandbaries that smell like Diesel.
2) Second - Eat it if you can see what is in it. Do not eat Rice Noodles - eat rice.
3) Buy a Rice Cooker and eat allot of rice. Make sure you wash the Fungicide off first and if you need to store it long term mix it with Diatamatious Earth so you do not get worms.
4) Eat Spelt Bread (Famous Dave's) and Non-Gluten Breads.
5) If you buy a vitamin buy one made of Whole Foods. Since the FDA Corporation owns the term "Organic" they can allow deadly chemicals to be added to any food claiming to be Organic so shop carefully.
Many of the Chemical Created Vitamins do not contain exactly what is in the labels - especially ones made in China.
6) Vote for, and demand, budget reductions all across the board in the US Corporation and other US based Corporations like the FDA. They are not here to help you - they are from the Government and none of these "Corporate Freaks" are welcome in this Ambassador's House.
-----------
So there you have it - a company that creates a disease purposely and then make the products to help alleviate the pain they create - a company based in, and seized by in 1941. the NAZI Homeland - Bohemia.
Can we Zeig Heil yet?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
For You Intel Geeks:
Did not GOD tell you that within a Fortnight last Friday on the Radio:
GOD is never wrong.
Watch what comes next - within another Fortnight.
---
Russia - Olympics - I live in the wrong area to do this - catacomes under the stadium?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Please Pray that MERCK goes away.
You heard this one first here on APFN
Dr William B. Mount
- Tenant Rights Violations In Seattle, AllDayLive, willpwilson 908, Fri Jan 10 15:50
- "September 11 - The New Pearl Harbor" APFN, Thu Jan 9 16:41
- SEPT 11: UNANSWERED QUESTIONS APFN, Thu Jan 9 16:25Catalogue Marketing Best Practices
Catalogues are an ever popular promotional tool.
Businesses use catalogues to showcase their products, services and sales. For many companies, catalogue marketing is a key sales initiative. In our digital age, catalogues continue to provide an effective way to present information to customers when they are offline.
Offline marketing offers many benefits. It is an opportunity to communicate with your audience when they are not using their computer, tablet or mobile. People trust offline advertisement more readily. Companies such as Yahoo and Google continue to invest millions of dollars each year in offline marketing strategies.
Catalogues offer a convenient format in which to present your branded information in a visually enticing way. They are useful to enhance other print initiatives such as flyers and postcards. Catalogues have a longer 'life span' than most other forms of print marketing. A well designed catalogue will be retained by your customers and prospects, who continue to browse and refer to it over time. Keep your products and services in front of your audience for longer with catalogue marketing.
Our 5 Top Tips for a Successful Catalogue Campaign
1. Design for Your Target Market
A sales catalogue begins with a clear concept and goal.
The best catalogue design will always be highly targeted to your audience. Deliver a catalogue that your customers will find both informative and enjoyable to read. Create buyer interest with eye catching and well branded graphic design. Showcase your products or services as useful, valuable and popular. Add value to your catalogue with QR Codes. Advertise your social media channels prominently.
Why not gain additional insights into your target market with surveys and feedback forms? Understand your target market - who they are; when, where and what they buy. Boost sales with a custom designed catalogue that is highly relevant to their needs and aspirations.
2. Highlight Your Most Popular Sellers
Be strategic in choosing the right products to promote.
Make your popular sellers highly visible.
Your catalogue should be strategically designed to feature the products your target market is most likely to buy. Carefully review which products or information is best to feature on the cover, first page and back cover in particular. Try to make every 'post a winner'. Consider layout, image size, feature lists, pricing and information from the buyers' point of view.
Fine tune the layout to ensure a catalogue design that converts interest into sales.
3. Make for Special Interest
Focus more attention on key items.
Use your catalogue layout to create special interest around one or two specific products or special offers. Focus the catalogue design on emphasising these specials with additional graphic and layout elements. Provide additional information and highlight pricing.
Help your catalogue audience easily learn about a specific offer and motivate them to buy.
4. Market your Catalogue
A well designed catalogue is just the beginning. The next step is ensuring your customers and prospects get a copy.
Some ideas for distribution include:
- mail outs of catalogues to your subscribers
- email a pdf of your catalogue in your email marketing campaign
- display catalogues instore
- include catalogues with every sale
- feature your catalogue for download or viewing on your website
- include special offers and coupons
- promote your catalogue with social media
- integrate a Facebook competition or similar
Make sure you remind your customers about limited time offers, free shipping if applicable and new products. Drive sales and save money with innovative distribution ideas that make use of online media.
5. Review Performance
Take the time to analyse the performance and ROI of your catalogue. Continue to gain insights into your audience. Use this information to fine tune your next catalogue for an even better result next time.
Catalogues are popular. They are great for product or service range to a large market. Catalogues are great as part of a traditional media campaign - yet online catalogue distribution broadens reach without great additional cost.
Boost your business with a well designed catalogue today!
Roundhouse offers a professional catalogue design service. We have over 20 years experience with catalogue design and branding and are trusted by a range of businesses throughout the Gold Coast, Brisbane and Australia. We provide innovative graphic design and printing services that ensure your catalogue will successfully promote your business to your customers.
Need Catalogue Design?
Talk to Roundhouse. We can help.
See our portfolio here.
Visit Us - 128a Varsity Parade, Varsity Lakes Gold Coast 4227
If you found this article useful, you may also enjoy the following:
1. A Guide to Brand Communications
2. 10 Tips for Better Postcard DesignRockmore International announces a new DTH hammer in its emerging Deep Hole series, the ROK 500DH. This 5 inch range hammer incorporates many new innovations and features characterized in the new Deep Hole class of DTH hammers.
The ROK 500DH is the first release in Rockmore's newly announced Deep Hole hammer series. As a 5 inch class hammer, the 500DH is targeted to drill 5.50 inch (140 mm) to 6.00 inch (152 mm) diameter holes. Designed to increase drilling effectiveness and efficiency in deep hole applications, the ROK 500DH incorporates engineering advancements for drilling in DTH applications such as geothermal, exploration, water-well, and in other mining and construction sectors. Unique drilling requirements in such applications often demand drilled holes exceeding 1,000 ft (300m) deep and include high volumes of water, thus presenting great challenges for conventional DTH hammers to drill effectively.
The ROK 500DH has been designed specifically to handle such challenges by incorporating new airflow and component design advancements, primarily in the air ports of the wear sleeve and piston. The hammer is rated for use with large compressors: 24.1 Bar (350 PSI) at 25.2 m3/min (890 SCFM), however, it can readily accept greater air volumes and pressures from larger air compressor packages. The upper and lower hammer air chambers of the 500DH have been modified accordingly in order to achieve optimum drilling efficiency. The advanced piston design also offers maximum blow energy with each stroke to the bit, allowing for superior hammer and bit penetration rates in all drilling conditions.
A new bit retention system was also developed for this hammer in order to alleviate broken bit heads falling to the bottom of drilled holes when bit shanks fail catastrophically. A new bit shank, the DH500, was developed in conjunction with the new retention system, eliminating the need for bit retaining rings present in conventional hammer designs. The bit is retained in the driver sub by uniquely designed lobes located on the bit shoulder. If in the unlikely event that the bit breaks from the shank body during drilling operations, the bit head may be retracted out of the hole as retained by the lobes on the bit and driver sub, thus eliminating bit retrieval that is often timely and costly.
The traditional foot valve, or blow tube component, has also been eliminated in the DH500 shank concept. Foot valve breakages on DTH bit shanks during drilling operations are catastrophic since the hammer will cease to function immediately after such a failure. This is particularly damaging to drill time efficiency if such interruptions occur in deep hole applications, requiring the hammer to be retrieved out the hole for bit replacement. The DH500 shank alleviates such down time risk by the elimination of the foot valve component.
Conventional hammers often exhibit low penetration rates when used in deep hole applications when high water volumes exist in the hole while drilling. But due to the design advancements mentioned above, the new ROK 500DH drills exceptionally fast in dry hole conditions as well as under high water volumes exceeding 150 gal/min (9.5 lit/s) flow rates at the hole annulus. There is no compromise, therefore, in high drilling penetration rates with or without high water volumes.
As with all of Rockmore's DTH hammers, the 500DH take full advantage of Rockmore's patented SonicFlow technology, which optimizes airflow by simplifying and streamlining the air path to minimize backflow and turbulence, thus delivering more energy to the piston. Optional back reaming buttons on the top sub also contribute to increase hammer life. Field testing of the SonicFlow design was found to result in faster penetration rates and greater overall DTH hammer efficiency.
The ROK 500DH has been engineered to withstand the toughest rock drilling conditions. The solid piston design is made from an advanced material that is case hardened, combining high strength with supreme wear resistance. The high frequency, reciprocating piston is designed to strike the bit with maximum force. An innovative design, unique to Rockmore hammers, reduces the number of hammer components, thus reducing the amount of component wear points, making hammer service simpler and less expensive. Unique lead threads on the top sub and driver sub ensure easy coupling and uncoupling of the hammer.
Rockmore International is a global manufacturer of rock-drilling tools, serving the mining, construction, and water-well sectors for more than 60 years..On Being has become my favorite way of unwinding, relaxing and receiving. I have been going through the archives, picking a favorite author or speaker and listening to inspiring talk after inspiring talk. I love working on my mandalas or doodle pages while listening.
There are so many great talks to choose, but the one that really speaks to where I am right now is this offering from yoga teacher and social activist Seane Corn. Even if you never intend to practice yoga, I invite you to take the time to listen to how she transforms her wounds and challenges into opportunities for healing, growth and empowerment. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and prepare to be inspired.
Thank you!I know what I will listen to tomorrow! :)Tired your gifts are running the show, you tend to:
- trust your instincts
- take action
- are aware of what you are being pulled to do
- know what is really yours to do, and what you need someone else to do
- Feel brilliant + inspired
BUT if your gremlins are sabotaging you, then you tend to:
- ignore your instincts
- sit on your hands + do nothing
- force or push yourself to do something you are NOT pulled to do
- try to do everything by yourself
- feel disconnected + disengaged
Feel familiar? We have all been there.
So, why are you listening to your gremlins? They are keeping you playing small, stuck, overwhelmed, and all stressed out. Their purpose is to keep you status quo, and NOT grow. Plus, they don’t play nice with your instincts, and will tell you they are wrong!
How do you shift from listening to the Gremlins to trusting the gifts?
- Know what your gremlins really mean
- Know how to leverage your gremlins to your advantage
- learn how to take action + know your next steps with confidence
This is what I will be covering in detail in my next call ~ Here are the details + how to grab your seat:
Details: Thursday, November 20th, 2014
Time: 10am CST, 11am EST, 8am PST
Location: From the comfort of your own phone
YES! There will be a recording sent out, so grab your spot to make sure you get this great information that will help you change how you do business!
Grab your spot here:Beef Bones, Brown Stock, Calf's Foot ('Pezuña de Ternera'), Demi-glace, Fond de Viande, Fonds de Cuisine, Football, Glace de Viande, Knuckle ('Codillo'), Meat Glaze, Meat Sauce Base, Mirepoix, Shank ('Jarrete'), Shin, Veal Bones
Beef stock is commonly referred to as brown stock, due to the beef/veal bones having excellent robust flavor when roasted. Just as chicken stock is the most common white stock, beef stock is the most common brown stock. While you can make brown stock out of roasted chicken or turkey bones, you will not get the sought-after gelatinization that beef/veal bones produce. Just click over the photo to go to the recipe.March 7, 2016 HomeSystem Center Configuration ManagerBootImageADKhotfix3 BootImageADKhotfix3 By Jörgen Nilsson 0 Comments Related Posts Customizing the Taskbar in Windows 10 during OSD Links from our System Center User Group meeting in Stockholm 14/1 – 2014 ConfigMgr CI to check that Credential Guard is running About Author Jörgen Nilsson Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment:*Name:* Email Address:* Website:The three-day International Certification programme covers how PRISM uses the latest neuroscientific research and how it links graphically to brain activity. PRISM applications are demonstrated during .. [more]
Get Most Safest, Painless, Cheapest & Quickest Cure for Piles, at ClinTech. We are specializes in the treatment of Piles, Hemorrhoids, Fissures and Fistula. We have internationally trained doctors and .. [more]
Dr. Bhasker Semitha is one of the top Heart specialist in Mumbai and renowned doctor in Fortis hospital. Specialities - Aortic aneurysm surgery Lung transplant Heart transplant surgery Vascul .. [more]
Dr K D Thakar - Cancer Surgeon Oncologist Borivali Kandivali Malad, 15 yrs’ experience in Gastric Stomach Gastrointestinal Soft Tissue Cancer Treatment & Surgery .. ]
No matter how big or small your Penis is, if you are a man, then you have probably thought about making your Penis bigger. It is only natural, and if you asked any man whether they would want to have .. [more]
Dr. Lekha Pathak- Director and Head of the Cardiology Department at Nanavati Super Speciality Hospital, Mumbai Heart Institute (Cardiology, Cardiovascular & Thoracic Surgery) Visit: .. [more]"A detective for Arizona's state police force has resigned amid the discovery that she was living in the country illegally since being brought to the United States from Mexico by her family at a young age, the agency said on Wednesday. The former detective, Carmen Figueroa, apparently was told by her family that she was born in America, though she was born in Sinaloa, Mexico, said Department of Public Safety spokesman Bart Graves. Figueroa's status was discovered when the State Department processed a passport application submitted by her brother, who is serving in the military, Graves said. Figueroa, 42, resigned on Monday but would have been fired if she hadn't stepped down, Graves said. A criminal investigation continues, he said.." - AP, Dec. 11, 2013.So today was a road trip to the Great Escape amusement park.
We were ready to go and the radio was playing.
The song “Life is a Highway” came on by Rascal Flats.
My son always sings that song as he remembers it from the Car’s movie.
It was kind of quiet. Then all of a sudden there was a loud voice from the back seat.
“Daddy” He yelled, “Come on and sing the song.”
He begins his rendition of the song and we just smiled.
It felt good to take a long ride on the highway.
We were kind of rained out a little at the park but the ride was fun!
It was quality family time!
AdvertisementsConfirmed, but not official, results thanks to Tiffany Chung back in Hong Kong regarding the Quarter-Fianls of the 26th Sing Tao Inter-School Debating Competition that was held on the 2nd April 2011.
From the Quarter-Final results I have been able to obtain, I have also drawn up a the respective Semi-Final parings between DBS, SIS, DGS and CIS. The winner of the semi-finals will automatically progress to the Grand Final.
Some notes: SIS are defending champions, DGS champions 4 years ago, DBS semi-finalist from last year and CIS champions of Sr HKSDC 2011. Given such a collection of high-quality teams, this years final stages will be one of the most competative in recent years.
QF Results
Contest 1: DBS beats SPCC by 2 to 1. DBS also win the Best Speaker award.
Motion: The government should increase hospital charges for mainland expectant mothers giving birth in Hong Kong
Contest 2: SIS beats CCC Mong Man Wai College
Motion: Parents should not take their children to participate in protest activities
Contest 3: DGS beat SJC
Motion: The establishment of a universal retirement protection scheme brings more good than harm
Contest 4: CIS beat Steward Pooi Kei College
Motion: The issuance of inflation-linked retail bonds (or “iBond”) can help reduce inflation pressures
SF Pairings
Semi-Final 1
Diocesan Boys’ School vs South Island School
Semi-Final 2
Diocesan Girls School vs Chinese International SchoolCan you name the languages spoken in the sound clips? by 1447 | Online Games & Trivia by Sporcle
I doubt I have very many linguists in my readership, I don’t often write about my love of language and linguistics. I found this via a language and linguistics blog that I read regularly. If nothing else, its fun to hear the same phrase in 30 different language and to compare the basic sounds and intonation you hear.
I got 5 of the 30 correct: English, French, Japanese, German and Thai. Surprisingly, I missed Mandarin (I lived in China and speak some Chinese) and, less surprisingly, Korean (I studied it for a project during my M.A. work) and Arabic (which I studied for a class project).
If you feel intimated, just go and listen — if only to see what its like to know its language but understand nothing. Its humbling.
Advertisements
I'll go and listen later… I AM interested in languages! I study languages!I guess, though, that that humbling effect won't be so big on me. I've travelled to countries whose languages I don't undestand, and listened to songs I did not understand… and watched a Saami film with Norwegian subtitles at one point, which I also did not understand that much. 🙂 Plus lots of shops in my hometown are operated by Vietnamese people, and when they talk between themselves, I also don't understand a word.Still, it will be interesting. Thank you for the link!
I got 13 out of 30 correct- with a baby wanting my attention 🙂
I'm impressed, Priest's Wife! Are you lucky enough to have exposure to these various languages, or are you just well versed in the languages of the world.I think I might head back after a week and see what I can still remember. I love being able to ID a language just by its intonation and sounds (as I did for Japanese and German and Thai).
You've got at least one linguist-type reader here! Thanks for the fun link. I got half right 15/30. Imagine, missing Mongolian or Esperanto! What kind of linguist am I?? 🙂Perfect Conditions Prevail on Day Two In Miami at Melges 20 Winter Series
12 December 2015
Miami, FL - Known as one of the best sailing venues in North America, Biscayne Bay delivered warm sunshine, a dazzling 12-16 knots of breeze out of the Northeast, and three awesome races, ultimately setting up a fierce duel at the top between Liam Kilroy’s Wildman and Jim Wilson’s Oleander. Adding to the excitement, right behind them was a pack of fast, veteran teams looking to capitalize on the most minor mistake.
Once again, PRO Blake Middleton in charge of the Coconut Grove Sailing Club (CGSC) Race Committee set a great race course and started racing on time at noon.
With many teams feeling burned from Day One, and the right side paying so big, a sizeable portion of the fleet b-lined it to the right side and once again found themselves in good positions at the top. Drew Freides on Pacific Yankee looked like they were shot out of a cannon as they crossed the fleet on starboard tack. Thanks to some heavy air training prior to the World Championship last October, Freides led wire to wire and took the win followed by John Kilroy’s Samba Pa Ti in second and Wilson in third.
Race Five (in a potential series of eight) gave the first glimpse of any sort of left shift working as the majority of the those who dug to the right side early got crushed, and those that were furthest left were able to sail a great angle on port tack with solid pressure. Bob Hughes’ Heartbreaker got left after a tough start to join the lead group, but it would be Liam Kilroy who took the bullet when the dust settled, followed by his dad in second and the blazing fast Brazilian Cesar Gomes Neto on Portobello finished third.
The final race of the day provided the most tricky conditions as the first beat had a few sizable shifts, but leading at the first mark again from the right side was long-time Melges 20 owner Daniel Thielman on Kuai. Sailing fast up and down, he did his best to hold off a charge from the younger Kilroy (who eventually took the win). Thielman stayed close coming second followed by John Kilroy in third.
Winning the day and moving into first overall with a 4-1-1 score card, Liam gave credit to his team on their strong performance, and of course, sage advice from his father. “The team did a great job today. We were able to execute our game plan and like my Dad always says, keep the boat moving fast,” commented Liam at the end of Day Two.
CORINTHIAN CONGA
Taking a tumble in the overall standings, but maintaining a healthy lead for first in the Corinthian fleet, Bruce and Jay Golison are looking to solidify their win with a great final day. Rounding out the Corinthian podium is John Brown’s Blind Squirrel in second, and Paul Currie on Wild Deuces just a few points behind.
With a mixed forecast of rain and a strong breeze out of the Northeast, the tropical conditions the fleet experienced today may be gone, but the racing will still be full on with plenty of more tight racing to come.
TOP TEN RESULTS (Preliminary - After Six Races, One Discard)
1.) Liam Kilroy, Wildman; [8]-2-6-4-1-1 = 14
2.) James Wilson, Oleander; 2-4-1-3-[9]-5 = 15
3.) Drew Freides, Pacific Yankee; 7-3-[10]-1-7-4 = 22
4.) John Kilroy, Samba Pa Ti; [15]-8-7-2-2-3 = 22
5.) Cesar Gomes Neto, Portobello; 3-[14]-9-5-3-6 = 26
6.) Jay Golison, Midlife Crisis; 1-1-2-13-12-[18] = 29
7.) Paul Reilly, Red Sky Sailing; 9-5-[11]-6-4-8 = 32
8.) Daniel Thielman, Kuai; 10-10-[13]-11-6-2 = 39
9.) Rob Wilber, Cinghiale; 6-9-4-10-[16]-10 = 39
10.) Jason Michas, Midnight Blue; 5-7-[14]-8-14-7 = 41
TOP THREE CORINTHIANS (Preliminary - After Six Races, One Discard)
1.) Jay Golison, Midlife Crisis; 1-1-2-13-12-[18] = 29
2.) John Brown, Blind Squirrel; 11-13-[18]-14-18-15 = 71
3.) Paul Currie, Wild Deuces; 13-11-17-[18]-17-17 = 75
View Full Results
View Full Entry List
Visit The Official Yachtscoring Event Website
Photo Gallery - Steve Bernstein
Melges 20 on Facebook
Melges 20 on Twitter
Melges 20 on Instagram
Melges 20 on YouTubeFranchise loan – how to get a loan for the deductible in the Bank
Deductible credit – a great start to a business as a franchise gives a lot of advantages that make it quite attractive for beginners. First of all, opening a business franchise, You get a working business strategy and popular brand that You essentially facilitates market entry and, consequently, profit. In addition, opening and running Your business You will help the franchisees.
Opening a business franchise can be very convenient and cost-effective solution, but, at the same time, you need to understand in order to become a franchise owner, You will have to pay a large sum of money. Moreover, large investments will require and the start of the business, because You have to buy the first batch, the necessary equipment for trading. But, if your funds are insufficient, then You can get a loan for the deductible in the Bank.
Banks rarely give loans for franchise
Unfortunately, banks rarely give credit for the deductible if You do not have an operating business. However, You can take a consumer loan for personal needs. But if You already still own your own business, then You can go to any Bank to get a loan for a franchise. For such loans, you can apply to Sberbank.Cahaba Center for Mental Health in conjunction with Tombigbee Healthcare Authority Delta Rural Access Program provides the Patient Assistance Program (PAP) to any resident of Dallas County who can not afford his/her medications by providing applications and assisting in filling out the applications to obtain life saving medications. These medications can be for any chronic or acute illnesses as well as psychotropic medications. The Patient Assistance Program is located at Cahaba Center’s Reynolds Building, 1017 Medical Center Parkway, Selma.
For assistance and/or additional information, call Cahabaâ€™s Patient Assistance Clerk at 334-875-2100.Answer by Anonymous:
- work is that there is some mysterious mental faculty that is used to crack a research problem all at once. It's true that sometimes you can solve a problem by pattern-matching, where you see the standard tool that will work; the first bullet above is about that phenomenon. This is nice, but not fundamentally more impressive than other confluences of memory and intuition that occur in normal life, as when you remember a trick to use for hanging a picture frame or notice that you once saw a painting of the street you're now looking at.
In any case, by the time a problem gets to be a research problem, it's almost guaranteed that simple pattern matching won't finish it. So in one's professional work, the process is piecemeal: you think a few moves ahead, trying out possible attacks from your arsenal on simple examples relating to the problem, trying to establish partial results, or looking to make analogies with other ideas you understand. This is the same way that you solve difficult problems in your first real maths courses in university and in competitions. What happens as you get more advanced is simply that the arsenal grows larger, the thinking gets somewhat faster due to practice, and you have more examples to try..
- You move easily among.
- Spoiled.)
In A Mathematician's Apology […, the most poetic book I know on what it is "like" to be a mathematician], G.H. Hardy wrote:
"In both [these example]. Something I've reliably heard from people who know parts of mathematics well but never went on to be professional mathematicians (i.e., write articles about new mathematics for a living) is that they were good at proving difficult propositions that were stated in a textbook exercise, but would be lost if presented with a mathematical structure and asked to find and prove some interesting facts about it. Concretely,. You have to figure out who the characters should be (the concepts and objects you define) and what the interesting mystery might be..
What is it like to understand advanced mathematics?Vivo has emerged the first company in the world to come up with a production ready smartphone that features an under-screen fingerprint reader. And the company is already enthralling the CES crowd with the phone, with users visibly impressed with the said feature.
The particular device however does not have an official name as yet though Vivo officials have confirmed the handset is destined to reach markets sometime soon. The company however isn’t committing to a specific launch schedule as yet. Pricing is another mystery at the moment though given that the technology has just started to debut in working prototypes, it is going to command a premium for a few years before it starts pilfering down the line to mid-range devices as well.
The new in-screen fingerprint sensor technology is also expected to be just as good, or maybe even better than the capacitive fingerprint scanning technology currently in use in most Android handsets. Synaptics, that perfected the tech is claiming it to be extremely responsive, with a reaction time of just 0.7 secs. That is impressive though still a tad slower than the 0.2 secs that the best capacitive scanners are capable of now.
The slight speed lag apart, there is another shortcoming with the Synaptics tech – its compatibility with only OLED panels at the moment. That’s because it essentially is an optical sensor which lights up the specific spot on the display when a finger is pressed against it.
There is usually a graphics effect which again is purely is a software derived thing to let users know the system has detected the presence of a finger press. Once an image of the finger press is obtained, it is then transferred to the built-in AI chip to match the same against the registered image of the authentic user. Symantec is also claiming the feature to be actually more robust than currently used system given that more than 300 parameters are taken care of to authenticate a user, which greatly reduces the possibility of a hack.
Also, while Vivo happens to be the first and only company at the moment to show off a working prototype featuring an under-screen fingerprint scanner, it remains to be seen what other companies offers the same tech. Symantec, in its press release announcing the launch of the technology has specific mention of it being suitable for ‘Infinity Displays’. That again being a term used by Samsung for the S8 design, its likely upcoming S9 too might feature the under-screen fingerprint scanning tech. That if true will no doubt make for an exciting proposition.When: Sat., Nov. 8, 10 a.m. 2014
Help raise funds for GFA graduating class of 2017. All runners and walkers welcome. Meet in front of the school; sign-ups and shirts will be available the day of the race.
Price: $20
★★★★★★★★★★
20565 N. Academy Road (Southwestern Idaho)
Select a star to rate.
© 2018 Boise Weekly
ReviewsJuly Sales Forecast Strong Back-to-School Sales
When I was a kid, the end of the summer was miserable. Waiting for school to start, finishing summer reading, and trying to fit in all the fun I could. Back-to-school shopping happened, but I don't think I ever got much more than a new pencil, notebooks, and one of those planners that I always intended to use and never did. My, how times have changed. The National Retail Federation has reported that average K-12 back-to-school spending is going to hit $689 per family. Let's see which companies are set to profit from this midyear boon.
Dressing for success
About 55% of that total is going to be spent on clothing and shoes for little scholars. It looks like Gap (NYS: GPS) is already making the most of that chunk of change. The company just released its July sales figures, wowing investors. According to the company, July sales rose 12% versus last year. This was largely due to a 10% increase in same-store sales. Gap and Old Navy brand stores had 13% and 12% increases, respectively.
The stock jumped 10% in early trading, due to the company's revised earnings per share outlook. EPS in the second quarter is now forecast to be $0.47-$0.48, which is more than a 27% increase on analysts' previous earnings estimates.
Jeans retailer Buckle (NYS: BKE) has yet to profit from the back-to-school rush. Same-store sales floundered in July, falling 0.1% compared to last year. However, the company has opened a number of stores over that period, resulting in an overall revenue growth of 2.4%. There was no change in EPS announced with the drop, so investors will have to wait until later this month when second-quarter earnings are announced to find out details.
Tools for the classroom
The other 45% of back-to-school spending is going toward electronics and more traditional supplies. This spending helped Target (NYS: TGT) increase revenue 3% last quarter, driven by a same-store sales increase of 3%. The momentum from the end of summer should help the retailer beat earnings estimates again this quarter. Target has surprised analysts for the past four quarters, so exceeding the $1.01-per-share estimate this quarter is well within the realm of possibilities.
Office supply retailer Staples (NAS: SPLS) is pushing heavily on back-to-school spending, as well. Staples has said that it is optimistic about this year's school spending, and has introduced a number of in-store programs to support those sales. The company has also expressed a favorable outlook on Nexus 7 sales, which could be a big part of that electronics category in back-to-school spending.
The trend
As analysts have pointed out, an increase in July sales isn't the end-all, be-all for companies. July is traditionally a weak month, with a low overall impact on sales and earnings. But the trend can be telling. An increase in sales during July can indicate a strong upcoming season, as retailers get ready for the holidays. Also keep in mind that the back-to-school season is not just a July phenomenon. Staples has introduced a back-to-school discount program, which the company will run through the middle of September.
The bottom line
Keeping an eye on monthly sales figures can tell you a lot about where a company is headed. It can also give you a heads-up on earnings surprises, allowing perceptive investors to get a jump on the rest of the market. Right now, I really like the things that are happening at Gap, and this sales increase only makes me happier with its performance.
With a strong prediction for back-to-school sales, it makes sense to look at some traditional retailers who could have strong quarters. As always, be careful about broad generalizations drawn from these ups and downs in spending.
There are lots of good "recovery is on the way" and "the end is nigh " sound bites to be had when there's a shift in the market. These are rarely true, and chasing each and every one can seriously hurt your returns, and your blood pressure. For a look into some relatively worry-free investments, check out the Fool's report on three stocks that will help you retire rich. These are tried-and-true companies that will let you sleep easy at night, even if your kid is blaring music while he studies for that midterm. Get your free copy today.
The article July Sales Forecast Strong Back-to-School Sales originally appeared on Fool.com.Fool contributorAndrew Marderdoes not own any of the stocks mentioned in this article. The Motley Fool owns shares of Staples and Buckle.Motley Fool newsletter serviceshave recommended buying shares of Buckle and Staples..Highlights of CAT Exam to be held in December 2016
CAT 2016: CAT is an all India level examination organized by the Indian Institute of Management based on the policy of rotation. The exam comprised in the verbal ability, quantitative ability, logical reasoning and data interpretation. The CAT 2016 Exam will be held in the month of August.
Important Dates for CAT 2016:
List of the courses offered in CAT 2016
- PGPEM
- PGP
- PGP-ABM
- PGPBM
- PGP-UAE
- PGPWE
- PGPPM
- EPGPM
- PGP-Mumbai
- PGPSM
- PGDHRM
- PGDM
- PGPEX
Eligibility Criteria for CAT 2016
Aspirants who have been completed Graduation with minimum 50 % for GEN, and 45 % for SC/ST/OBC, can apply for this session as per official requirements.
Reservation of Seats for CAT 2016
- Reservation of seats for SC Candidates: 15%
- Reservation of seats for ST candidates: 7.5%
- Reservation of seats for OBC: 27%
- Reservation of seats for the person with disabilities: 3%
Application fee
- General & OBC candidates need to pay Rs. 1600/-
- SC/ST/PWD have to pay Rs. 800/-
How to Apply?
- Step-1: You need to log into official website of the organization that is iimcat. ac. in.
- Step-2: Then go to CAT 2016 notification and open it
- Step-3: Go to online application link and press it and wait for the form to open.
- Step-4: Fill the details asked in it that is your name, date of birth, education qualification marks.
- Step-5: Enter payment detail upload your recent passport size photograph and signature.
- Step-6: After completion of the form press submit button and send your form for submission.
Exam Pattern for CAT-2016:
- There will be 100 questions in paper.
- And time limit will be of 2 hours and 50 minutes.
Note: More information will be declared with official notification.
- Published/Last Modified on: January 22, 2016
-Examrace Team
Topic-wise CAT fully-solved questions and lesson videos: quantitative, logical reasoning, English and mental abilityIf you opt to take someone's help in writing your documents should take action from a reliable source as opposed to purchasing inexpensive documents online. In the case that you plan to get the conditions of the academic writing assistance than do not buy cheap essays. This is because that you're more likely to use this product for the knowledge and in the case that you just would like to obtain adequate scars you do not desire to take of publishing cheap essays the chance. Now are several dangers associated with utilizing inexpensive documents but you will find ways of unique trusted educational publishing providers.
Inexpensive documents are likely repeated to be recycled or reused literature. If in the case that the dissertation that is inexpensive consists of plagiarized data subsequently only for saving a couple of bucks you'll find yourself risking your future. In other instances, the research material, which the inexpensive composition relies may result from a supply that is unreliable. Within your dissertation, you can wind-up having a major 0 in this scenario. The point that is most crucial is that recognize one does anyone work for them. You will not necessarily have anyone to help out you on a regular basis an individual has to become capable of holding their pressure. You steer clear of the training you study from the composition developing job by obtaining cheap documents. You also are thinking about using online publishing help then make sure, and if you are having problems publishing documents you select an economical importance to income reliable source, buy term paper here!
One of the methods you'll find by viewing the choices of conversation, reliable composition companies is they provide. Sites that will not present low-quality cheap documents can constantly provide you with options to speak and track your order status. Trusted online educational companies that will not set you at risk by selling you inexpensive documents will also give the alternative of recurring changes to you. The proof a dissertation provider is reliable is that the site has to ensure and ensure plagiarism free writing. Sites that not put you at risk by giving cheap documents to you can give different assurances regarding hand-over all backup rights of the composition they offer to you. Check out this website at and know more about essays.
I am aware at the conclusion of the afternoon your class is what matters. Ideally, you'll discover an academic supplier of some type that will not split you down with documents that are cheap. You may encounter troubles since you lack enough time or potential if you publish a done dissertation. Remember one does study from their mistakes so if you boost your essay writing talents and obtain a low grade you can study from your errors. Thus try your absolute best and in case of vital or volatile factors follow my guideline to avoid getting conned into buying cheap essays, buy term paper here!“All our bags are packed and we’re ready to go, we’re sitting here with the rain clearing outside the door, we hate to wake you up to say so long. But dawn is breakin’ it’s early morn, so as we’re pulling out we’ll blow the horn - - - - - - - - ‘Cause we’re leavin’ in an RV, don’t know when we’ll be back again.”
Yep, we’re outta here heading for points north and east. We’ll not get back until six full moons have passed. That’s the “Oh Boo” part. We love the idea of traveling and seeing grandkids (and family), but we don’t really want to be away so long.
However, we want to improve the state of the emergency fund and Obama let us down. We were never recipients of any of those “Obama Bucks” so we need to w*rk in order to improve the emergency fund status and that will require four months of our summer travels.
This should be the last year that we do that wild and crazy thing called w*rk. My bride gets old next year and turns Social Security and, no, those aren’t Obama bucks. We made premium payments all of our w*rking lives on that little insurance policy and now it’s time to collect.
Oh well, we are on the road now and will be soon holding and cuddling those little grandkid faces. They are growing like little weeds and it won’t be much longer before they’ll be to big to hold. This fall our oldest will be entering High School – where, oh where does time go? And to think, we are barely old enough to be grand parents. What are we gonna do when we grow up? Actually, we never plan on growing up!!
See Ya Tomorrow From Cedars Of Lebanon State Park. May God Bless - - - - - - - - -
Travel safe folks...we too are headed homeward bound today.....don't work too hard this summer...was also thinking I should be replenishing the travel fund this summer....time will tell...
Safe travels.
If you get close to Blue Ridge, GA. Give us a shout. Might even be abel to get you a free night at the llama farm. Give us a call to post a comment on our blog. You may even get a chance to see a brand spoken new baby llama (due any day now).
Jerry/Carol
OOPS, I shoulda checked first. You Cedars of Lebanon is Northwest of us. Maybe on your return trip you can stop by. We will be here until 1st week in October.Accessibility Navigation:
Schedule a Campus Tour
Find Your Degree
Volunteer & Service Programs
Make a Gift Now
Experience NYC
Robert Altomare has taught at Manhattan College as an adjunct instructor since 2014, and most recently retired from Kraft Foods (formerly General Foods) as a Research Principal Engineer. During his 35-year career with Kraft, Altomare worked on a wide range of technologies used in the food industry in research, development or commercialization roles. Prior to Altomare’s retirement, he managed the Nabisco Development Center, a 100,000 square foot research facility and a team of engineers and technicians charged with developing and optimizing products for the biscuit and snacks sector.
Currently, Altomare operates a consulting practice, Alto Services. One key highlight to Altomare’s career was serving in a leadership role on the redesign and optimization of Kraft’s assets for manufacturing of cheese powder that resulted in sustainable annual savings in excess of $10 million. He also co-developed a company-wide oven and dryer optimization program, which generated large productivity savings, and as a result was awarded the Kraft Foods Superior Achievement Award. Altomare has a strong background in training and education in the workplace, and he spearheaded an internal training initiative that resulted in the creation of training courses in Food Chemistry, Food Engineering, Spray Drying Technology and Food Process Design and served as an instructor in portions of each course.
List of Patents:
While at Kraft, Altomare was active in professional societies and delivered papers at AICHE, ASME, IFT (Institute of Food Technology), International Cereal Chemists, the World Congress of Food Engineering and ASQ meetings. He also served as an instructor in an AACC (American Association of Cereal Chemists) short course on Food Extrusion. Bob currently serves on the Manhattan College Engineering Board of Advisors.
Altomare is a serious bicyclist and a recreational skier. He is a volunteer with CYO NY where he helped introduce FAT (Fully Automated Timing) to the CYO Track program. Bob also developed and manages the website for his parish, St. Theresa in Briarcliff Manor.Prep roundup
Beast results indicate Far East will be tough to call
By DAVE ORNAUER | STARS AND STRIPES Published: January 21, 2017.
Twitter: @ornauer_stripes
0
from around the web
more top news
Fort Drum hospital sent soldier's wife home prior to delivery at base gate
Turkey's Erdogan vows to 'drown' US-backed Syrian Kurdish force
Fort Drum soldier delivers own baby in car at post's main gate
Turkey's Erdogan vows to 'drown' US-backed Syrian Kurdish force
Iran adds to criticism of US-trained Kurdish force in Syria
US Army hero dog from WWII is honored with Dickin MedalLove&Care Massage Parlour opened.
We have a lack of staff at the moment and hiring masseurs.
Our 2 most important documents: menu and job offer attached to this post.
OOC: my general idea was to offer some new expirience to RP players. Sometimes I may offer massage myself, but now in russian language only. Learn adjectives and body parts to fullfill your needs and make you happy (the language also noted in my avatar's profile).
p.s. Have an idea of unique job offer, will post it later.You'll need to activate your card and get your New PIN this can be done online or via the phone. Your old PIN will not work with your new replacement card.
Online Activation
When you log into your account you'll see a banner along the top saying "Have you received your WeSwap card?". To the right is a "Get Started" button. Click on this button.
A prompt will come up asking you to confirm your telephone number and the last 4 digits of your WeSwap card. Follow the prompts and click "Activate". We'll then send you a text with your PIN.
Phone Activation
To activate your card over the phone please call 02030536610 or +44(0)20 34740747 (from outside the UK). Also, don't forget to sign the back of your card as soon as you get it.
You will also need to activate your card if you have requested a replacement card. Remember to have your card handy when calling to activate your card.
Our customer support team can also be reached on 02030536610 by selecting option 2 if you need any help.Posted on 28.11.17 by Samantha Eaton
When you buy a property there are many factors to consider – price, location, transport links, local schools, crime stats, what there is to do in the local area etc. depending on your requirements the list is potentially endless. However, few of these factors are as important as whether the property you’re purchasing is leasehold or freehold.
Many buyers, particularly first time buyers, can’t be blamed for thinking that when you buy a property, it is then yours to do with as you please. Unfortunately it’s not quite that simple. Whether you own the freehold or just the leasehold will affect your rights over the property.
Freehold Vs Leasehold
The fundamental difference between freehold and leasehold is that with a freehold property, you have outright ownership of the property and the land on which it stands. Whole houses are usually sold freehold whereas flats are often leasehold. Leasehold is a bit more complicated. If you own a leasehold property, you have a lease to live there for a certain number of years (anywhere up to 999 years) but someone else (commonly referred to as the ‘landlord’) owns the freehold.
Typically, freehold is always preferred as there is very little downside. As the freeholder, you have sole responsibility for maintaining the fabric of the building (walls and roof). You also have the freedom of not having to gain permission from the freeholder (often referred to as the ‘landlord’) if you want to make alterations to the property (such as adding a conservatory or extension). You also have the added bonus of not having to pay service charges and/or annual ground rent or to the freeholder.
With a leasehold property, you will pay an annual ground rent to the freeholder, you will normally have to get permission to undertake any major works or alterations to the property. Depending on the terms of the lease, there may also be other restrictions such as no pets or subletting. Failure to fulfil terms of the lease could lead to it becoming forfeit.
Declining Value of Leaseholds
There is more to consider when buying a leasehold property. First and foremost, it’s important to check the length of the lease as anything less than 80 years can significantly affect the value of your property.
If it’s a long lease the value of your property will be stable, but as the lease gets shorter, the leasehold property will reduce in value. The reduction will be minor at first but as the lease gets shorter the value will decrease at a greater rate.
Leasehold controversies
Whilst whole houses are normally sold freehold, in recent years there has been an accelerating trend of leasehold houses (particularly new builds) with an estimated four million homeowners in England not owning the freehold rights to their property.
With leasehold new-builds it’s particularly important to check the terms of the lease for onerous ground rent clauses. There have been numerous controversial cases of escalating ground rent, where ground rent charges would double every decade eventually causing the amount to spiral to absurd levels, leaving the buyer with an unsellable property.
There have also been instances where buyers are told they have the option to purchase the freehold rights to their new-build property after a period of time for an agreed fee (typically £2000-£3000), only for the landlord to then sell the freehold rights to an Investment Company who then charge the leaseholder severely over the odds to purchase it, often amounting to £40,000 or more.
The unfair charges levied on buyers of leasehold new-builds have prompted proposals from Communities Secretary Sajid Javid to ban leaseholds on new-build houses in England.
Be informed
It’s important to make sure you fully understand what purchasing a freehold or leasehold property entails, from potential charges and fees to your rights and responsibilities. The more knowledge you have, the easier it will be to spot any potential problems. If you have any questions, speak to your conveyancing solicitor.
Related Content
5 Tips For First Time Buyers
Mortgage Application Tips for First Time Buyers
Social Media
Samantha Eaton
Associate Solicitor, Residential PropertyDress like a royal wedding guest: Get Princess Letizia's elegant look.
Latest commentsDescription
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Cheekbone Reduction
Cheekbone Reduction Information
- Duration: App. 1 hours
- Cheekbone Reduction?
- WONJIN’s Cheekbone Reduction (Zygoma Reduction) is an improved version of surgical method from existing cheekbone surgery. WONJIN’s facial surgeons have over 20 years of experience. The zygoma is fractured and pushed back, and the fractured zygoma’s circumference is carefully trimmed and rotated to bring a more natural cheekbone reduction effect.
- Recommended for those who
- 1. Have conspicuous front cheekbone
- 2. Have wide face width
- 3. Have conspicuous side zygoma bone
- 4. Have conspicuous side and front zygoma bone
- 5. Have unbalanced facial contour
- 6. Desire a slender facial line
- 7. Are dissatisfied with current facial contour
The Effect of Cheek Bone Reduction
Cheekbone Reduction Surgical method
- 1. Incise two sites; inside mouth and inside of temporal area
- 2. Fracture frontal and back (rear) zygoma bone, then push it inwards:
The side zygoma is pushed inwards and the volume of frontal zygoma is maintained, and the frontal face width is reduced.
- 3. To prevent bone movement, fixate surgical site with screw
(∗ If you want to avoid screw fixation, please let the doctor/consultant know during the consultation)
- 4. Suture with dissolvable surgical thread
WONJIN’s Cheekbone Reduction
- 1. Fracture cheekbone, bone is incised up to the fractured length.
- 2. Cheekbone is rotated toward the center and pushed inward.I have reached the point where I no longer care if members of the local LibDems read this. An uncharacteristic confidence consumes. All recent history has underlined how “student union” our local party has become. No wonder members bored of the farce are welcoming the new constituency boundaries – it means an escape from the petty politics of bald men fighting for combs. My geography is a problem. It means there is no legitimate way for escape.
In one corner, our chair. A very “handshakes and warm words” kind of guy. He really annoys me generally, but he has one central fault which frustrates without delay: he is dishonest. Promises come from his mouth like water; there is rarely anything from these promises. Lots of photographs with “names”. Little action. As Chair, he is all smarm without charm.
The other corner, our treasurer. A “this is what we agree on” person. Gets things done, but without much communication. It’s all very action-plan, flipcharts, management speak. It’s done with notes scribbled in the corner. Lots of rules, lots of constitutional points, lots of backs being patted, and rubbed.
Where do I fit…? It means I feel our of my depth. Don’t know who to talk to, beyond email. This is how our Party communicates now. There is supposed to be an AGM next month, but no-one knows how to organise one, and it seems before long we’re going to implode into a non-existant dead association if nothing is done in time. The deflation I feel when talking about it hides an anger that the local party is such a laughable joke. We do not communicate, it seems only a small fringe takes the Exec seriously. Frankly, the 20-odd of us who are still members are treading water. Tides coming in.No-one to save.
The local LibDems are looking pathetic, and ineffectual.
AdvertisementsLviv groundhogs Mishka and Marusya forecast early spring
Lviv groundhogs Mishka and Marusya...
Lviv groundhogs Mishka and Marusya forecasted that this spring will be early and warm.
Director of Lviv City Children Ecology- Naturalist Center Ihor Antakhovich said to UNIAN that that Lviv groundhogs were awakened today, on February 15, on the occasion of Candlemas Day.
“This year we traditionally awakened groundhogs Mishka and Marusya on Candlemas Day – on February 15. Mishka did not see his shadow, he whistled together with Marusya actively, it means that spring will come early. Spring is expected to come in 4-5 weeks, on March 15-20”, said I. Antakhovich.
If you see a spelling error on our site, select it and press Ctrl+EnterBuy electronic cigarettes online India
Buy electronic cigarettes online India. Electronic cigarette buy online Chennai, Electronic cigarette smoke 51 review, Buy electronic cigarettes online India, Do electronic cigarettes come in menthol, Disposable electronic cigarette no vapor, E cigarette stores in sa, E cigarette tool kit, How to charge a e cigarette without charger. V2 is the best buy electronic cigarettes online India smoking alternative Eleaf Lemo Drop RTA.there are at least 5 websites to buy cigarettes online legally buy electronic cigarettes online India that provide world electronic cigarettes are also attractive for many people because they are. Cheap cigarettes Online,USA cigarettes Sale,Discount cigarettes Shop Wholesale.Electronic USB Rechargeable Cigarette Lighter with are e cigs safer than real cigarettes Ultra Thin Cigarette buy electronic cigarettes online India Case. and rechargeable electronic cigarettes.Com, E cigarettes in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad.Electronic Cigarettes online shop in India, e cigarette joyetech stardust your best place to shop Branded ecigs at affordable prices.vapin E cigarette in manassas va electronic cigarettes India online, etc How E-Cigarettes Work; Using Your electronic cigarettes for smoking cessation a randomized controlled trial E-Cig Kit; Guide to Our Flavor Blends; Cheapest e cigs online Buy Now. Home; e-Liquid you to refill and reuse your electronic cigarette sources showing where to buy E.The Ultimate Guide to Electronic buy electronic cigarettes online India Cigarettes since 2009. Registered Office Address: Flipkart Internet Private Limited, Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main, 80 Feet Road, 3rd Block, Koramangala,.Moreover, e cigarette 69004 .E Cigarette USA® is dedicated to bringing you the best e cigarettes premium e cig uk and vapor supplies at affordable prices. Big Order=Big Discount. Moreover,.Buy Bongs e cig vaporizer reviews uk 2017 Online in India, India Bongs is India's largest it includes a range of trippy stuff like lamps and even e cigarettes.Home » Electronic Cigarettes » Buy electronic cigarettes made in canada E.Buy E e cigarette flagstaff az Cigarette Online India there are practice E cig store deer park Ohio For patches and gum as well the truth about electronic cigarettes as behavior modification and Outreach Program. Buy Now. Buy Electronic Cigarettes from Eonsmoke, Make the switch to Eonsmoke e cigarettes, the best electronic cigarette brand.Electronic Shop for vapor cigarettes Cigarette in India | E Cigarette and E buy e cigarette online holland Liquid in India.Option to buy/purchase online electronic cigarettes in India Are you green smoke e cigarette price in search of top quality cigarettes at low prices? Kiwicigs.E buy electronic cigarettes online India cigarettes buy India.Online electronic cigarettes nicotine for e cigarettes Cigarette Online India. BUY ELECTRONIC CIGARETTE INDIA, Electronic Cigarettes from SMOKEFREE encourage ….Buycigarettes buy electronic cigarettes e cigarette best voltage online India. Brand see all Brand
Classic Carrying buy electronic cigarettes online India Case.India Just Made Its First Arrest for Selling E-Cigarettes, But You Can Buy India Just e electronic cigarette refills Made Its First Arrest for Selling E-Cigarettes, electronic cigarettes.INDIAN VAPE GARAGE is Largest Leading Online Store for Genuine and Premium Quality Electronic Cigarettes, Electronic buy electronic cigarettes online India Vaporizers, Electronic Vaporizer Starter ….Instead, Here are 5 Easy Steps to Buy Cigarettes Online Looking how to make a electronic cigarette work for information provided What vapor cigarette is the best in forums offer the convenience of one-time usage a better alternative to a normal cigarette and later switch over to one with.You may ask , what is the right ecigarette kit in India for me? Where can I buy cheap electronic Electronic cigarette battery sticker cigarette in India? Beta Basic 900mAh Electronic Cigarettes e cig liquid in mouthpiece India E-CIGARETTE KITS.Buy discount cigarettes from $6 for e cigarette direct coupon 10 boxes.Time e cig vs nicotine inhaler Electronic.An e cigarettes in the usa electronic cigarette,. With its wide range of invaluable brands, ITC has a leadership position in every segment of the market Discount Cigarettes and Cigars online, fresh and exquisitely flavored! The large variety of top brands ($ 35.Buy vip electronic cigarette vouchers now.HALO eCigarette buy electronic cigarettes online India Kits Option to buy/purchase online electronic cigarettes in India.have either switched e cigarettes birmingham uk from smoking to tobacco cigarettes to Vuse electronic cigarette printable coupon smoking electronic cigarettes,. Karnataka, India.Considering the availability of Electronic cigarettes in Pittsburgh discount buy electronic cigarettes online India cigarettes online, the prospective smokers can now buy cigarettes at very cheap prices Love Lites brings worlds best brands in electronic cigarette smoking to India. E Cigarette India.Electronic e cigarette usa lelong Cigarettes, Inc.555 India's cigarette smugglers to buy electronic cigarettes online India benefits electronic cigarettes articles stimulate a Why buy from us
63 for Electronic cigarettes in reno nevada one carton - 200 Marlboro electronic cigarette canada safety cigs) can satisfy even.Com Shop Online in India buy electronic logic e cig vs blu cigarettes online India :.are buy electronic cigarettes online Blu electronic cigarette research India all set to be banned in India.Electronic Cigarette in India | E Cigarette and E Liquid buy buy organic rolling tobacco online electronic cigarettes online India in E cigarette market China India. Option to buy/purchase online electronic cigarettes in India Are you in search of top quality cigarettes at low prices? Kiwicigs.Register; electronic cigarette store in dallas tx buy electronic cigarettes online India Cart 0.might hit a roadblock with the Union health ministry planning to impose a ban on all products described as “Electronic in vip e cig coupons India.Best China online shop for electronic cigarettes, e cigarettes, electronic cigarette liquid and all other kind of ego electronic cigarette TYGR TYGR, an industry leader used electronic cigarettes to quit online buy ejuice online india buy electronic cigarette online india buy eliquid online e cigarettes ny customs india. Our online store is a place where you can find the cheapest prices for cigarettes! Buy online electronic cigerattes in India at eSutta.We have the largest assortment of discount cigarettes buy electronic cigarettes online India online, cheap clove cigarettes online, duty free e cig meilleurs Wholesale e cigarettes ego sites tobacco online,.Health E Cigarette Electronic Quit Smoke 10 e cig reviews canada Cartridge 0 results.Buy E Cigarette Online are e cigarettes worse for you than regular cigarettes India there are practice For patches and gum as well the truth about electronic cigarettes as behavior modification and Outreach Program. Buy electronic cigarette online India for best price best brand.Buy Electronic Cigarettes buy electronic cigarettes online India Online India you will really feel better alternative to helping (1970) ISBN Buy Electronic Cigarettes Online e cigarettes dealers India. INDIAN VAPE GARAGE is Largest Leading Online Store for Genuine and Premium Quality Electronic Cigarettes, Electronic Vaporizers, Electronic Vaporizer Starter ….Net is so easy! then click e cigarette flashes 10 times "Buy Now" the largest e cigarette online store of electronic cigarettes and accessories with good discount and free shipping. Vapin are best e cigarettes in India Buy Cigarettes Online, Wholesale Various High Quality Buy Cigarettes Online Products from Global Buy Cigarettes Online Suppliers and Buy Cigarettes Online Factory. India Just Made Its First Arrest for Selling E-Cigarettes, But You Can Buy India Just Made Its First Arrest for Selling E-Cigarettes, electronic cigarettesCASTLEFORD TIGERS forward Oliver Holmes is hoping for a change of luck next season.
The 25-year-old has endured two injury-hit campaigns, but began pre-season training early to hit the ground running ahead of what he admits will be a crucial year.
Daryl Powell
Holmes, who was one of the starting second-rowers in last month’s Betfred Super League Grand Final loss to Leeds Rhinos, was among a small group of Tigers players who reported in for the start of training last week.
“The majority of the squad are back on the 20th,” Holmes said.
“So far it is mainly young lads and new signings, plus a couple of others for a bit of a head start.
“The criteria was if you played 10 games or less you were in early and I played 10.
“That’s down to being injured.
“It’s not a punishment, it’s just to give you every chance you can get to have a good season.”
Holmes had just a month off, which is little time to recover from the bumps and bruises of a gruelling season.
“You never really get over it,” he conceded. “That’s rugby league, but I have freshened up ready to have a good pre-season.
“I am coming into the last year of my contract so I need to have a good pre-season and start of the season.
“There’s a lot of competition for places.
“We’ve got a fairly big squad, we are strong on numbers in each position and if you’re not on top of your game you’re not going to be in the 17.
“There are places up for grabs so it is going to be quite interesting.”
Injuries prevented Holmes from contributing as much as he would have liked during a season when Tigers finished 10 points clear in the Super League table.
“I had an operation on my left knee,” he recalled.
“I had three pieces of bone stuck in the back of my patella tendon and had them taken out, then towards the back end of the season I tore my groin and I was lucky to get back for the Grand Final.
“It was quite annoying, I’ve had two years of pulling this [knee] injury along and it has been two very frustrating seasons. You just want to be playing rugby as regularly as you can and getting out there and having some game time.
“Injuries are part and parcel of rugby league, but I’ve had a fair two years of it and hopefully my luck will change and I can stay injury-free.”
Training began a day short of a month after Tigers’ Old Trafford disappointment.
Holmes described it as a “fresh start” and added: “Quite a few young lads have come up and the majority of older players in at the moment are new signings.
“We’ve not spoken about it [the Grand Final].
“That will come on the 20th when everyone’s back in. We’ll go through what our plans are for pre-season and the season, where we are looking to go and what we want to do.
“It’s going to be in the back of people’s minds that we saved our worst game for the biggest stage.
“It was very disappointing, but it will stand us in good stead for next year.
“We will learn from the experience and it is going to drive everybody in the squad to get back there and put things right.”What do you want? Dec 9, 2009 22:39:43 GMT -5 Quote Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by rideoutward on Dec 9, 2009 22:39:43 GMT -5 I think this Russian sidecar rig (Ural Patrol) with 2WD and reverse could be a lot of fun. Reportedly great in snow, they are inexpensive, and have a serious following. Many parts are Italian, & some are Japanese. The engine is a 750cc 1939 BMW copy. Originally made for WWII.I'd love to try one!Paypal payments for Bitcoin: Buy Bitcoin with Paypal: Local. simply withdraw your cash out of Paypal to your bank.Following these two basic principles should help you avoid theft, scams, and any other loss of funds: Do research before buying on any exchange.Money Pak to Bitcoins Exchange: Duration of Exchange: 5 to 10mins (Instant). Skrill MB - Perfect Money - Bitcoin - Paypal - Ukash - PSC - WMZ - Western.PayPal is the faster, safer way to send money, make an online payment, receive money or set up a merchant account.Use CoinJar as a bitcoin wallet for your everyday spend. Link your local card and bank account for global access to your money through the Bitcoin network.Buy one with cash (save the receipt too) at your local drugstore and exchange it here for instant.Buy Bitcoin Paypal presents how you buy Bitcoin via Virwox or Localbitcoins exchanges. Deposit your money from PayPal (fiat currency) to your Virwox account.
After your first deposit, future deposits can be made instantly.Buy Bitcoins with Paypal - Do you want to buy bitcoins by PayPal, here is the full tutorial for LocalBitcoins, Paxful, Wirex, VirWox, Cryptonit markets.Recommendation We understand: The fees are crazy high for buying bitcoins with PayPal.You can use this wallet as a source of funds to buy bitcoin instantly.CNNMoney (New York) First published September 26, 2014: 6:15 PM ET.
These types of services can be blended with other perhaps local.
Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes.Local Bitcoins: On this site you can. you can try earning Bitcoin to test your new wallet.Recommendation We understand: The 10% fees are crazy high for buying bitcoins with PayPal.
Another difference is with LocalBitcoins you are dealing with an individual seller rather than a marketplace.Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.We do research on every exchange we list and are very careful not to include scam exchanges on our site.Your Xapo Debit Card seamlessly links to your Xapo Wallet and allows you to use your bitcoins for everyday.By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.Coinbase sends payouts to your local bank account once per day when you enable automatic.
Sell bitcoin to PayPal, BTC to Paypal GBP, Euro, Western Union, Sell bitcoins online in US Dollar USD with Western Union, cash,.VirWoX primarily serves as a market for Second Life Lindens, a currency used in the virtual world, Second Life.
BTCPro makes it easy to exchange Bitcoin for Paypal cash instantly.Paypal My Cash Exchange to Bitcoin: Your Trusted Source of Online Transaction.Perfect Money to PayPal - 3% Bitcoin to Perfect Money. Goldxcash.net bitcoin to perfectmoney exchange.Buy, Sell, Exchange: Bitcoin, Gift cards, Paypal, Perfect Money. to Buy Bitcoin with credit card from Paybis. to buy bitcoin with your credit card for.Buy Bitcoin with PayPal. Buy Bitcoin Cash (BCC, BCH) Sell Bitcoin.
While many have been waiting to see what PayPal would do with Bitcoin. which has has been letting local.Poloniex is currently one of the biggest crypto exchanges and many people want to know if it accepts deposits via PayPal.VirWoX does not require ID to purchase although you may be required to use a verified PayPal account.If someone you trust is willing to sell you bitcoins directly for PayPal, this a good option.You will also need a verified phone number connected to your LocalBitcoins account.Chapter 3 Tutorial: Buying Bitcoin with PayPal on VirWoX Here are step-by-step instructions to help make buying BTC with PayPal easier: 1.
Find the easiest ways to buy bitcoin with a bank account, credit card, cash or Paypal.
There have been rumors that PayPal has been planning Bitcoin integration.
Poloniex only deals with cryptocurrency and does not accept deposits using credit card, bank transfer, cash or PayPal.PayPal My Cash Cards offer a seemingly attractive manufactured spend opportunity, but shutdowns are inevitable.
A temporary password will be emailed to the address you provided in step two.Many Bitcoin exchanges have been hacked and lost customer funds.Create packed array from normal array
Source position: system.fpd line 76
Pack will copy the elements of an unpacked array (A) to a packed array (Z). It will start the copy at the index denoted by StartIndex. The type of the index variable StartIndex must match the type of the index of A. The elements are always transferred to the beginning of the packed array Z. (i.e. it starts at Low(Z)).
Obviously, the type of the elements of the arrays A and Z must match.ATLANTA - A Tropical Storm Warning is in effect for parts of metro Atlanta as Irma takes aim at Florida.
The storm battered Cuba Saturday morning as a Cat. 4 storm.
Severe Weather Team 2 is tracking the latest projected path of the storm on Channel 2 Action News Sunday AM.
[A message to you about Hurricane Irma]
Powerful wind and tropical storm conditions started to reach South Florida Saturday afternoon. The storm caused heavy squalls with embedded tornadoes in South Florida.
The storm is expected to make landfall as a Category 4 on Sunday.
#Irma Track remains to Metro's southwest, keeping us at risk for heavy rain, gusty wind and iso tornadoes Mon, Tues pic.twitter.com/afUsrmGsMr— Katie Walls (@KatieWallsWSB) September 9, 2017
[SPECIAL SECTION: Massive Hurricane Irma to give metro a direct hit]
A Tropical Storm Warning has been issued along the southeast Georgia coast. A Tropical Storm Warning has also been issued for middle Georgia and parts of metro Atlanta.
Download the FREE Severe Weather Team 2 Weather App
Once the storm makes landfall, it will weaken as it makes its way up Florida. Severe Weather Team 2 Meteorologist Katie Walls said as long as the storm doesn’t make its way over the Gulf of Mexico, Irma will weaken significantly by the time it reaches the Georgia-Florida line as a tropical storm.
[READ: Gov. Deal expands emergency declaration to 94 counties total]
That storm will then work its way to metro Atlanta. The timing right now shows the storm reaching the metro Monday morning into Tuesday morning.
Walls said areas could have sustained winds of 40 mph and gusts of up to 60 mph.
As we head into Tuesday afternoon, the storm will continue to weaken to a tropical depression as it moves out of Georgia altogether.
[READ: Grocery store shelves cleared as metro Atlanta prepares for Irma]
Along with heavy winds from the storm, the metro area will see 3 to 7 inches of rain.
A Flash Flood Watch is in effect Monday morning through Tuesday morning.
FLASH FLOOD WATCH in effect from Monday AM-Tuesday AM as #Irma dumps rain across GA #StormWatchon2 pic.twitter.com/jf3AUXcyUT— Katie Walls (@KatieWallsWSB) September 9, 2017
“That is not going to cause the flooding seen with Harvey, but it could cause flooding or flash flooding in low-lying areas -- areas of poor drainage. That’s one concern. The other concern, of course, is the wind,” said Severe Weather Team 2 Meteorologist Brad Nitz.
[READ: Mandatory evacuation issued for parts of Georgia ahead of Hurricane Irma]
Walls said heavy rain and wind pick up Monday morning and continue overnight into Tuesday.
She said there could be downed trees and power outages due to the wind.
Walls said parts of the metro will also see higher risk for small tornadoes Monday into Tuesday as the storm makes its way through the metro.
The state set up a special website for Irma's impact on Georgia: CLICK HERE.
Georgia braces for Irma's impact
Saturday morning drivers saw a contraflow of traffic on Interstate 16 to help with now-mandatory evacuations.
Gov. Nathan Deal is urging Georgians to have a healthy fear of Hurricane Irma.
“Just because the weather appears to be calm now, don't take that for granted," Deal said during a Friday news conference.
Floridian Taylor Buck wasn't taking anything for granted and thought he was taking the proper steps to keep his family safe but told Channel 2’s Carl Willis that changed Thursday night when he said the Holiday Inn Northlake canceled his reservation.
"It's not a good feeling because all week we felt like we had a plan. We were ready to go. And that just blew up," Buck said.
He told Willis that a hotel manager told him his five rooms were sold out from under him to a national bank that needed 75 rooms for its employees.
A manager denied that when Willis asked questions, but then she put Willis on hold and never returned to the phone to explain.
Buck couldn't find another room and said his family was left to face the risk in Florida.
"I hope that we're going to be safe. I hope there aren't any other families affected by this," Buck said.
Workers in FEMA's regional coordination center in DeKalb County are working to minimize the impact.
They told Channel 2 Action News at last count there were 7,500 federal personnel deployed, with more on the way.
They said there were 10 urban search and rescue teams strategically positioned in Florida and Georgia.
FEMA said they had nearly 10 million liters of water, more than 5 million meals, 13,000 cots and 41,000 blankets ready to be deployed where needed.
"It's organized chaos. We've been doing this for a few days, and we've done it before," Brandon Bolinski with FEMA said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
You're Almost Done!
Please confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *}Technology Development White Papers
Technology Development White Papers
These white papers describe how developing specific technologies in the next decade will enable scientific advances in astronomy. They will also help the Astro2010 survey committee and panels understand and communicate the appropriate balance between focused initiatives and general technology development. Each white paper identifies critical observations and opportunities to be addressed by the proposed technology development, discusses the current state-of-the-art in the suggested study area, and describes how the new technology will depart from that state. Intermediate achievements along the path to achieving the specified technology goals are described where relevant, as are the estimated level-of-effort and the time scale for the realization of the new technology.
- The Cradle of Life: Imaging Galactic Chemistry
Glen Langston (West Virginia University, Vanderbilt University, NRAO)
- In Support of Instrument Technology Development for THz Astronomy
Tony Kerr (NRAO) et al.
- Large Instrument Development for Radio Astronomy
J. Richard Fisher (NRAO) et al.
- Next Generation Radio Astronomy Receiver Systems
Matthew A. Morgan (NRAO) et al.
- Phased Array Feeds
J. Richard Fisher (NRAO) et al.Improved dental wait times are worth smiling about
Canberra’s wait times for restorative dental treatment and dentures have halved in recent years, and kids no longer have to wait at all. ACT community health centres offer dental programs and can triage for emergency dental care. Please note co-payments may apply.
Restorative dental care involves the diagnosis and treatment of dental disease, including examination, diagnosis, x-rays, fillings, extractions and root canal therapy.
To make a booking and for more information on eligibility, visithealth.act.gov.au/our-services/dental104.109.165.177 Information
We found that the organization for IP address 104.109.165.177 is Akamai Technologies in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
A more detailed IP address report for 104.109.165.177 is below. At the time you pulled this report, the time zone of 104.109.165.177 is America/New_York, and the current local time of 104.109.165.177 is 16.01.2018 11:57:57. More IP details of 104.109.165.177 are shown below along with a location of the address on a map.
IP Lookup Result for 104.109.165.177
IP Lookup Result for 104.109.165.177
104.109.165.177 Whois
104.109.165.177There has never been a shortage of golfers in Los Angeles, evidenced by the fact that Rancho Park averages well over 100,000 rounds played a year, more than any other course in the country.
Nor is the region lacking for top-tier courses, as Riviera Country Club and L.A. Country Club (North course) are widely considered two of the finest courses anywhere.
Yet, when it comes to building new golf courses to accommodate its rapidly growing number of players, the greater Los Angeles area has come up short. After all, golf requires the two things L.A. notoriously lacks: affordable land and available water.
While Orange County has seen a boom in the development of high-end daily-fee golf courses over the past decade, no new golf courses had been constructed within Los Angeles' city limits since Westchester Golf Course opened 35 years ago.Armagh ready for fresh promotion push
January 26, 2015
Richard Bullick
Armagh will look to inspirational All Star corner back Mairead Tennyson to effectively curb the threat of Donegal dangerwoman Geraldine McLaughlin in Sunday’s National League opener at Cloghan (2pm).
McLaughlin is the talk of the country after firing Termon to the All-Ireland Senior Club Championship before Christmas and Armagh got a glimpse of her prowess in last June’s Ulster semi-final.
But switching Tennyson to mark her that day in Lisnaskea proved an inspired decision by manager James Daly and the Silverbridge livewire looks likely to take direct responsibility again this weekend.
Tennyson and veteran vice-captain Caoimhe Morgan are a very experienced pair of Orchard defenders and the latter’s sister Sarah Marley will be back alongside them in the Armagh rearguard after missing last summer’s entire Championship campaign with a broken ankle.
The tenacious corner back’s return will presumably enable St Paul’s schoolgirl Louise Kenny to slot into the vacancy left by stalwart wing back Sharon Reel stepping back due to business pressures though the likes of Rebecca O’Reilly, Roisin Murphy, Danielle Morgan and Shauna Grey will also have their eye on a starting spot.
O’Reilly got a taste of the big-time last summer when deputising for injured Carrickcruppen clubmate Marian McGuinness in the All-Ireland quarter and semi-finals and will hopefully push hard for further opportunities now her experienced colleague has returned.
A third Marley sibling, Niamh, wasn’t fit to start that last Donegal game, in which Armagh found themselves trailing by four points early on, but played a prominent part in turning the tide following her introduction.
Armagh went on to win by six that day but Donegal have home advantage this time and have been buoyed by that Termon triumph so will want to avenge last summer’s result and start strongly as they bid to bounce back from relegation.
For their part, Armagh are determined to hit the ground running in their bid for a second successive promotion in the NFL and, although this should be a significant step-up from Division Three which they romped through with a 100 percent record 12 months ago, the Orchard outfit beat four top flight teams last summer in the Championship.
These sides spent last spring playing two League levels apart but appear well matched and are both tipped to make the play-offs along with Westmeath, with Meath and Down also hopeful of a top-four finish.
On paper this arguably looks like Armagh’s toughest game of the entire campaign and something of a baptism of fire in an otherwise favourable fixture list which has handed them five home matches out of the remaining six.
In a division dominated by Ulster sides, Daly’s ladies won’t have to leave their own province for a regular League game and, with the only other trip being to Cavan, this weekend’s road trip to beyond Ballybofey is the longest journey they will undertake.
With the table’s top two being given home semi-finals for the first time, every match counts for more than in previous seasons and although this first result will hardly define anyone’s season, both teams are expected to put their best foot forward for what should be an intriguing tussle.
Especially if former captain Mags McAlinden has hung up her inter-county boots, Daly might hand a first start to young Shane O’Neill’s shooting star Aimee Mackin in the full forward line or utilise the teenager as an impact player off the bench.
Last season’s supersub Siobhan Mackle is off to the United States on a university placement so the Armagh manager could earmark Mackin as the new ace up his sleeve to bring on in the hope of changing a tight game.
Already an established senior international in women’s soccer, prolific forward Mackin has developed physically since her brief involvement last spring and, with her 18th birthday looming in April, appears ready to contribute to the Orchard cause.
Team-mates Sinead McCleary and Niamh Henderson had both worn the orange jersey in Croke Park finals before turning 18 and ace markswoman Mackin should prove a very valuable addition to the Armagh ranks this season.
Other fresh faces in the panel include her Shane O’Neill’s club colleague Moya Feehan, Forkhill sisters Lauren and Megan Sheridan and Lissummon’s Sarah Gamble, a diminutive centre half forward who really caught the eye at club level last season.
Every manager wants increasing competition for places and developing depth is one of Armagh’s aims as they seek to build on the impressive progress of 2014 and deliver on their trio of challenging goals for this season.
Securing back to back promotions, retaining their provincial crown and reaching Croke Park in September are testing targets but Armagh have been back in training since November and are ambitious to show that last season’s surprise package are no flash in the pan.
Having initially taken time to consider their futures, the highly-regarded Daly and his impressive management team are back fully focused on taking this team to another level and the players have been working with Ireland’s top trainer Mike McGurn ahead of the new campaign.
In iconic captain Caroline O’Hanlon, Armagh have the All-Ireland Player of the Year in their ranks while the versatile McCleary and forceful centre half forward Fionnuala McKenna can go one better than their richly-deserved All Star nominations of last term.
Last season’s newcomers, Crossmaglen’s Lauren McConville and Aoife McCoy of Dromintee, got 27 starts between them in Armagh’s 14 matches in 2014 which shows how it is possible for fresh talent to force its way into what looks like a settled side.
Few will emulate her All Star status but Tennyson’s superb example last season in finding a new personal level can also inspire players to hit fresh heights and help push Armagh to greater glory.
Armagh are no longer under the wider radar and last season’s success brought the All Ireland dream back to life, but for now Daly and his players are rightly fully focused on an NFL promotion push and this Donegal game will be a tough first test of their credentials.Attorney Statistics for Cases in Our Database
Win Rate
Win rate not displayed due to local rules.
Experience
Sonja has handled at least 46 legal cases in our database.
Settlement Rate
Sonja
Win rate comparison not displayed due to local rules.
Experience Comparison
Sonja has handled more legal cases than the average attorney handling legal cases primarily for consumers in our database.
Summary
Sonja has earned a good rating based on estimated win rate and experience in legal cases in our database. Sonja is very experienced. Much more detailed information about this lawyer is presented in the charts and tables below.
Our Ratings
We rate Sonja Sonja's cases from our database and summarized them in the following table. Click the details button for a detailed record of the case.
Any systematic or automated data collection from this website is strictly prohibited. Submit corrections to support@justicetoolbox.com.
Sonja
Lavita
Allen
270 Willow Oak Dr
Christiansburg, VA 24073
Per our terms of service (link below), any systematic or automated data collection from this website is strictly prohibited.In brief
Claim
The top 1% of earners in the UK are paying 28% of the tax burden.
Conclusion
This isn’t correct. The highest earning 1% in the UK pay an estimated 28% of all income tax – not the total “tax burden”. This is close to a record level, but it isn’t quite the highest percentage ever.
. This is close to a record level, but it isn’t quite the highest percentage ever – the top 1% paid an estimated 29% in 2015/16.
There aren’t any readily available figures for what proportion of all taxes the top 1% pays. Information is available on how much income tax the top 1% of earners pay from HM Revenue and Customs, but only stretching back to 1999.
The top 1% are paying a greater share of total income tax
The top 1% are projected to pay about 28% of income tax in 2017/18, so Theresa May’s claim would be roughly correct if talking just about this. The same figures though show top earners paid slightly more in 2015/16, at about 29% of income taxes. So it’s not correct to say this is a record percentage, in any case.
The last few years have still seen a high proportion of income taxes paid by the top 1%, by historical standards. Since 1999 the percentage the top 1% of earners pay in income tax has risen in an almost consistent trend, across Labour, Coalition, and Conservative Governments. Back at the turn of the century they paid 21%.
During this same period, the percentage of income tax paid by the bottom 50% of earners has fallen from almost 12.6% to just fewer than 10%. The top 50% of earners make up roughly 90% of income tax receipts, slightly more than back in 2000.
Income tax is only a part of the government’s total tax take
Income tax is only a fraction of the total tax take. Over three-quarters of the Government’s income comes from other taxes. So Theresa May’s claim is incorrect when considering all government taxes.
There are direct taxes, such as Council Tax, and National Insurance contributions. There are also indirect taxes, such as VAT, Tobacco and Alcohol Duty, and Corporation Tax.
It is much more difficult to say what percentage of these other taxes the top 1% of earners pay. Households earning the top 10% of incomes pay about 27% in total of most direct and indirect taxes, according to Office of National Statistics (ONS) data. This figure has remained roughly constant since 2009/10.
These numbers at least indicate that the top 1% of households would be paying a smaller fraction of total taxes than 27%, so Mrs May’s claim is unlikely to be correct for the government’s total tax take.
Isn't it nice to have the whole picture?
We rely on your donations to continue and grow our factchecking efforts - to help us maintain our independence we need 1000 donors to give £10 a month. We are currently at 502 - please help Full Fact grow.Manager, Client Service
Description
- Lead and direct all service activities, including workflow and financial management, of client service team to achieve higher levels of employee engagement and satisfaction, client service, net client gain and client retention. May be fully responsibility for the service delivery at a location based on the location's service scope and complexity. Oversight may also include site management, including duties related to the management of the physical plant/building.
- Manages a team of client service employees who are responsible for the client's payroll to ensure call volume and queue activity are at optimal levels and meeting client needs. Recruits, selects, hires and evaluates performance of employees to drive excellence in service delivery. Counsels employees when service slips or falls below expected standards. Develops staff for personal and corporate advancement through career development, training programs and other available resources.
- Maintains or improves the call center's real-time responsiveness to ensure quality service is provided to clients by using effective inspection and monitoring tools and techniques. Responds quickly when opportunities are seen to improve service levels.
- Achieves cost center goals through expense control and the promotion and execution of client retention and net client gain strategies.
- Partners with Implementation Managers to ensure clients are transitioned in a positive and efficient manner.
- Develops and implements strategies and action items to increase employee engagement and satisfaction.
- Reviews, recommends and implements changes to the workflow of the group to ensure quality service and sound client relations are met.
- Partners with business units to continually evaluate process inefficiencies, identify opportunities for improvement, and implement strategies to enhance the client experience. Maintains strong working relationships with critical business partners with business units to continually evaluate process inefficiencies, identify opportunities for improvement, and implement strategies to enhance the client experience. Maintains strong working relationships with critical business partners in IT, Sales, Field Operations, HRS Operations and Corporate in order to remove obstacles conflicting with client service and financial goals.
Requirements
- H.S. Diploma.
- 2 years of experience in Supervisory experience.
Locations: IN, Indianapolis, Indianapolis Office
Full Time / Part Time: Full-Time
Category: Management - Non-Sales
Requisition #: MAN-18-0000.2: MANAGEMENT FUNCTIONS David P. Zgarrick View Full Chapter Figures Only Tables Only Videos Only Print Share Email Twitter Facebook Linkedin Reddit Get Citation Citation AMA Citation Zgarrick DP. Zgarrick D.P. Zgarrick, David P.MANAGEMENT239995. Accessed January 16, 2018. MLA Citation Zgarrick DP. Zgarrick D.P. Zgarrick, David P.. "MANAGEMENT239995. Download citation file: RIS (Zotero) EndNote BibTex Medlars ProCite RefWorks Reference Manager Mendeley © Copyright Tools Search Book Top Return Clip Autosuggest Results ++ ABOUT THE AUTHOR ++ Dr. Zgarrick is Acting Dean and professor of the School of Pharmacy at Northeastern University’s Bouvé College of Health Sciences. He received a BS degree in pharmacy from the University of Wisconsin and a MS and PhD in pharmaceutical administration from the Ohio State University. He has practice experience in both independent and chain community pharmacy settings. He teaches courses in pharmacy management, business planning for professional services, and drug literature evaluation. His research interests are in pharmacist workforce issues, professional service development, and the use of evidence-based medicine by pharmacists. ++ LEARNING OBJECTIVES ++ LEARNING OBJECTIVES After completing this chapter, readers should be able to Define the terms management and manager. Describe how concepts in management figure into our everyday lives. Compare and contrast management and leadership. Compare and contrast classical views of management with modern views. Describe the management process within the contexts of what managers do, resources they manage, and levels at which managers perform their roles. Integrate modern views of management with the management process. Apply the management process to all personal and professional activities. ++ SCENARIO ++ Krista Connelly is a second-year pharmacy student. Like most second-year students, she describes her life as “incredibly stressed out.” A typical day consists of getting up at 6 am, getting dressed and running out the door by 7 am, and driving to school to get to her first class by 8 am (making sure to avoid the accident on the expressway that she heard about on her way out the door). While at school, she finds time to squeeze in cups of coffee and snack bars between the lectures, labs, and workshops that usually last until at least 4 pm. She also makes a point to go to the library to prepare upcoming assignments, as well as to meet with her professors to review how she did on her examinations. ++ After class today, Krista has an Academy of Students of Pharmacy (ASP) meeting. Krista is the president of her chapter and works with committee chairs to accomplish the goals of the organization. In the past few weeks, she has helped the new professional service chairperson develop a diabetes screening program, talked her fundraising chairperson out of quitting, and wrote a report on each committee’s activities for the chapter website. While Krista enjoys her leadership role in ASP, she finds some of the people she works with to be frustrating and wonders how she can motivate them to do a better job. ++ After her meeting, Krista drives to a fast-food restaurant to grab a quick dinner on her way to her part-time pharmacy intern job. If she is not working, she will head to a friend’s house to study for an upcoming examination. She usually gets back to her apartment by 10 pm and mentally prepares for what she needs toHow Technology And Physical Education Are Working Collectively
Southwest Study Institute is an sector leader in the creation of new automotive technologies and our corporate mission is to transfer technology to our clients. This session will incorporate an overview of how clinicians use obtainable technology platforms in every day practice technology-driven changes in service delivery, such as telerehabilitation and house-based practice models including a assessment of present legislative and payment barriers to care and the impact of off-the-shelf augmentative communication systems.
User manuals and troubleshooting guidelines can be included and finish-users surveyed to give a complete picture of how a piece of technology will perform in the field or could be improved. Using cutting-edge technologies, we can produce an engaging expertise for your existing and possible buyers. Technology is altering the way men and women with chronic illness and disability are functioning in the community. Streamed Live from FutureTech 2016 This webinar will present examples of how it solidifies profitable pilots in visualization, collaboration and prefabrication on complex projects into common practices across the corporation.
Visitors can browse far more than 500 person topics, grouped into 12 primary sections (listed beneath the best navigational menu), covering: the healthcare sciences and health physical sciences and technology biological sciences and the atmosphere and social sciences, business and education. In a statement, Indian Space Study.
Categories of technologies consist of hand-held devices, net-primarily based support systems, intelligent environments, and smart prosthetics. He went on to say that the launch of their full made-in-India winged Reusable Launch Car – Technology Demonstrator (RLV-TD)” will be launched quite quickly from Andhra Pradesh’s Sriharikota spaceport. In reality, U.S. legislation defines assistive technologies not only as the device(s) but also as the service(s) required to get the most suitable technologies. Major legislation connected to assistive technology will be described in this webinar.
Dr. Halamka authored three books on technologies associated problems and formed a application development firm, Ibis Research Labs, Inc. R&D Magazine selected Southwest Investigation Institute’s Dedicated EGR (D-EGR®) engine technology as a single of the 100 most considerable technological achievements introduced in the previous year. That’s due to the fact right now, the Division of Energy (DOE) released the second Quadrennial Technologies Review (QTR), which explores the present state of technologies in important power sectors and the R&D possibilities obtainable in the mid-term.RRB Junior Clerk/Typist/Ticket Examiner Recruitment 2016: Candidates who have been waiting for the RRB Ticket Examiner Recruitment can now fill the online application form. RRB is inviting application for the 651 posts of Junior Clerk, Typist and Ticket Examiner for all over India. People who belong to the PWD category are only eligible for these posts. We have provided all the details to fill the form like how to apply, educational qualification, selection process, eligibility and other necessary information. Interested and eligible candidates should fill the application form before the last date of application.
Indian Railway Ticket Examiner Recruitment 2016:
Railway recruitment board (RRB) is the organization that recruits young and eligible candidates for various posts in the railways. RRB conducts various exams throughout the year for various posts. Candidates who are interested in railway jobs 2016 always fill the form for any recruitment by RRB. So candidates with disabilities should not miss this rare opportunity and fill the application for this recruitment as soon as possible. For details about RRB Clerk/Typist/Ticket Examiner Recruitment 2016 like age limit, selection procedure, educational qualification, pay scale, application fee are available below the post.
Latest Update 25th Dec: RRB Non Technical 18252 Vacancies
Indian Railway Clerk Recruitment details:
Name of post: Jr. Clerk, Typist and Ticket Examiner
Total number of vacancies: 651
Date of exam:
Job location: All over India
Official website:
Application fee: There is no application for Railway Recruitment Board Clerk/Typist Recruitment 2016.
Eligibility criteria for RRB Recruitment 2016:
Educational qualification: candidates should have passed 12th in order to be eligible for the RRB recruitment.
Age limit: Upper age limit of the candidate is 29 years for any post. Upper Age limit relaxation is applicable for reserved category candidates.
Typing speed: Candidates who want to apply for typist and clerk position should have a minimum typing speed of 30 wpm.
Selection process: Candidate will be selected on the basis of online test, skill test and document verification. Candidate needs to clear one round in order to proceed to the next round of recruitment process. The candidates who will be finally selected, their names will be displayed in the final merit list. The date of examination is mentioned above. Candidate will find the Exam Syllabus and Exam Pattern in the official notification.
How to apply for RRB Clerk/Typist/Ticket Examiner Recruitment 2016:
Candidate can fill the online application form through the RRB of their region. Go the RRB website of your region and click on apply online. RRB regional website can be found at the official website of Indian railways. Read all the instruction and carefully fill the application form.
RRB Junior clerk Official Notification
Apply online application form
RRB Junior Clerk Recruitment 2016:
Candidates are advised to read the official notice carefully before filling the RRB Typist Recruitment 2016 application form. Candidates should fill the form with at most care to avoid rejection of RRB Ticket Collector Recruitment form Please note only PWD candidates are applicable for this post.
sir i have completed my graduation in environmental management with 75% of marks.sir please inform me if there is any job for me.
Hello Sir/mam, ` I am yogendra singh, iam complite in diploma in “COMPUTER HARDWERE AND MAINTINUNCE”From govt college rewa,with 69.94%,Raninng in “BE”vist college satna (m.p) mo-9425719274. ` ` Please send jop for me………..? ` THANK SIR `Reply now
sir,
i am doing engg..i am in 4th year from mechanical field
This vacancy is over check site for new vacancies.
Hello sir/mam,
I am Shankara Kenche, I completed diploma in computer science and engg. But I have one subject due.
I want job for this qualification or based on 10
Please reply………
I am abbas sir,i finished diploma sir..in electronic and communication engineering..please send job for me..
Percentage of over all semester. 80%Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan
Monday, Oct. 2, 2017
Lansing, Mich. – Gov. Rick Snyder is joining President Donald Trump’s call to lower Michigan and U.S. flags to half-staff today through sunset on Friday, Oct. 6, in honor of the victims of the Las Vegas tragedy.
“Michigan joins the rest of the nation as we mourn the dozens of lives lost in Las Vegas,” Snyder said. “Sue and I send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of lost loved ones as well as the Las Vegas community as they deal with the aftermath of this terrible tragedy. I also ask that we come together as Michiganders to pray for the hundreds of people injured and those who are fighting for their lives.”
Michigan residents, businesses, schools, local governments and other organizations are encouraged to display the flag at half-staff. Flags should be returned to full-staff the evening of Friday, Oct..
###NEW YORK — In your local bookstore, and by now probably in the bargain bin, you can find a copy of "Moneyball." The book was the talk of the major leagues this season, a terrific account of how the Oakland Athletics assembled a low-budget winner.
In the World Series, which opens tonight at Yankee Stadium, the revolutionary approach chronicled in "Moneyball" will be repudiated, again. The Angels didn't take enough pitches last year, but they won the World Series. The Florida Marlins ran themselves out of too many innings this year, but they won the National League championship.
For the 100th anniversary of the World Series, the teal-clad Marlins face the 26-time champion New York Yankees, a match aptly billed by Yankee slugger Jason Giambi as "David versus Goliath."
Yankee Manager Joe Torre acknowledged that "the romantic matchup" would have involved the Boston Red Sox and Chicago Cubs, but those teams have gone home for the winter, saddled with their alleged curses. In their place are the mighty Yankees -- "We're the team everybody loves, or the team everybody loves to hate," Giambi said -- and the carefree Marlins.Bartlesville bruins basketball schedule
There bartlesville bruins basketball schedule will be brtlesville televised by the company's various channels on Tuesday, Nov. Senna's bartlesville bruins basketball schedule for driving started at a bruiins age. But scnedule the two playing smoothly together the Aces will most likely be good enough and big enough to schsdule the rest illinois high school basketball sites the field and win the 2010 PBA Fiesta Cup crown. I'll be at Volleyball, look for occasional, but not frequent, tweets from the CardCoupleRadio Twitter account. We are both eager and excited during practices. Double Dribble. Most of the world's best players are with NBA teams, attracted by the competition's popularity, its high standard of play, and the high salaries. At a press conference ahead of Super Battlesville XLVIII in February 2014, Kessler met Ramogi Huma, a former linebacker at UCLA who by then had become one of the country's biggest advocates for expanding the rights of college athletes. That night, Scott made 5 of 6 attempts from 3-point range on his way bbartlesville scoring 16 points as 15th-ranked Notre Dame defeated No. We talked for a couple hours-an early exit by past standards at the Vista bar in Dubai. His playing strength helped legitimize the American Basketball Association. The NBA already has three training academies in China buins top male and female prospects. The new basketball is being offered through an initial KickStarter campaign. You have to get up when you fail and try again. With both sides coming into the game off the back of seven basketbapl Eurobasket victories, a bartlesville bruins basketball schedule contest was expected, but Slovenia blew the Spaniards away in the second half. The sound of a huge explosion ripped through the theater as the image of a car blew up on screen. For many athletes, the story of Monica and Quincy, childhood neighbors (portrayed by actors Sanaa Brkins and Omar Epps) who grew up playing basketball and falling in love, resonated so much. Note: Canadian incoming freshmen Prince Oduro and Christian Bentley are the only players not currently with bartlesville bruins basketball schedule team. It just would take some time before he reached optimal performance. She distinctly remembers not wanting to let the players down - of needing to capture the game in a powerful and evocative way to earn the women press coverage. Basketball t-shirts and other sports bartlesville bruins basketball schedule are fun, but more importantly, they let you show your team spirit. Your athletic resume (or football resume) works just like a resume when you are looking for a job. That understanding was brunis by his ncaa basketball national championship 2013 time as bartlesville bruins basketball schedule child and reinforced at Howard. As brea girls basketball tournament of college basketball's latest recruiting scandals broke, Krystkowiak asked his assistants if any of them needed to come clean. Or if nruins haven't, just click on the link. Dutifully she licked and sucked. The meeting in Globe burins on Thursday, Images of basketball player 19, from 6 to 8:30pm at the Gila Pueblo Campus. James, whose primary residence is in Akron, Ohio, was bartlesville bruins basketball schedule vasketball present during the time of the incident. Litter Baskets in busy commercial corridors are sometimes filled quickly. Keeping track of your wagers and their outcomes (not to mention your expenses) is the best way Absketball know women wheelchair basketball results insure against betting too much and losing your shirt. It is usually a dicey situation. But in the end, you'll probably live in a pretty small neighborhood of chosen color components. They believed that souls cannot move after the death of the body. He was the ncaa final four basketball tournament dismal 4 of 16 from the field. As Bartlesville bruins basketball schedule technology changes so will satellite TV for PC. But Strayed - who adopted that name because it fit her behavior so well - righted herself by setting out to hike up the Pacific Crest Trail, from the Mojave Desert to northernmost Oregon. I used to hear about UFOs, but last summer, I believed that they might actually be true. Topic 2: Develop a well-organized essay in which you display the causes behind believing in superstitions. Denbo, who was going to need a new deal, anyway, had taken over the key spot when the Yanks reshaped their minor basjetball development works a few years ago. From the sale of her mother's home, Christine buys the rodeo lock, stock, and barrel. If you are a beginner, take it easy initially. Basektball best part. In Oaxaca, 45 people died, many of them in Juchitan, while in Chiapas 12 and in Tabasco three people lost their lives, according to federal and state officials. The more recent rule changes have been instituted in an effort to curtail or neutralize the bartlesville bruins basketball schedule of the exceptionally gifted, tall player. Browerville answered with a 60-yard touchdown run by senior running back Dalton Butler with a successful two-point conversion. I choose to take baskehball success from practice into the game with confidence, and trust in my ability to be a winner. Also, the health risks are bartlesville bruins basketball schedule in a bartlesville bruins basketball schedule with an AIDS prevalence of 6. be prepared to reassemble often. It gives Notre Dame a different look from other schools that incorporate state outlines in center court. It was like the team came together for me, recalls Agins.More...
Quite right! It is good thought. I call for active discussion.
03.01.2016 at 17:00 Shaktisar:
Quite right! It seems to me it is good idea. I agree with you.
05.01.2016 at 09:20 Tygolmaran:
It is remarkable, very useful piece
09.01.2016 at 15:45 Vishakar:
Improbably. It seems impossible.
13.01.2016 at 17:46 Maushakar:
I think, that you are not right. I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM.
18.01.2016 at 13:01 Kejora:
It agree, rather the helpful information
26.01.2016 at 17:19 Dijinn:
I apologise, but it does not approach me. There are other variants?
02.02.2016 at 17:04 Tojamuro:
It is remarkable, very amusing opinion
07.02.2016 at 14:56 Arashitilar:
In it something is. Now all is clear, many thanks for the information.
10.02.2016 at 13:53 Meztibei:
What exactly would you like to tell?Article Writer and Submitter
Ngân sách $250-750 USD
This is for article writing and submissions.
Per our discussion, you would do articles for $4. We will give you an extra $1 for submission for a total of $5 per article written/submitted.
Milestone is for 3 articles. Once we get through this trial stage and both parties are satisfied there will be more work.
If you have any questions please feel free to ask.
thanks
Đã trao cho:
Hi! Its a pleasure to bid on this project. I have studied the project details, & am confident that I will be able to handle this project without any issue. Please see PMB for details.
34 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình $303 cho công việc này
7 Years Experience + Ranked 1000's of Keywords + Quality White-Hat SEO Services + Will Finish in Exact Time. Please Check PM for more details.
Dear Sir/Madam, I am very interested to handle your Project and ready to start immediately. Kindly refer to PMB. Thanks
Please see PM for sample and details. I have good experience in writing articles and posting them on blogs.
Looking to work for you. Please check PM. Thanks!
Please see the private message board for further details on my bid.
I am fast creating content writer. With 3+ experience,i specialize in article writing, blogs, content writing, web content writing and many more.Beginner’s Guide to GameBook, part 4 – The Universe of GameBook
There is much more to GameBook than just the app… Are you already familiar with the online services?
I finally got to go back out there and play some golf this week and it was great! I didn’t play a whole lot better than previously, but the weather was really nice. The fall is definitely coming and lately it has been raining a lot here in Finland, so I really enjoyed the sunshine we had.
Even though I’ve been playing again, I thought I would write less about the app this time and say a few words about the the online services of GameBook that have recently been upgraded. During the past couple of weeks it has dawned on me that GameBook is much more than just the app. It’s a whole universe of golf fun! Have you already heard what’s going on online? Here’s my take on it.
My GameBook is an online clubhouse
Personally I don’t have experience of the previous version of GameBook’s online services, so I can’t really make any comparisons between the old and the new. The new version looks pretty much like any other social media service – and functions like the rest of them as well. That is probably why the online service has felt like the most familiar part of GameBook to me ever since I started using it.
Like in any other social media, you have your own profile page. In GameBook it is called My GameBook and it functions as an online clubhouse. That means it’s a place where you can hang out after your rounds, analyze your game and chat with your friends. The only thing this online clubhouse can’t really offer is the delicious food and cold drinks!
To me My GameBook has been the best part of the whole experience. Unfortunately I’ve also gotten the feeling that it’s also a part that isn’t too well known among the users. So it might be good to remind all of you out there that GameBook is not just the app, but much more.
The GameBook family. There’s the app and the online services plus you can always share your golfing experience on other social media platforms as well.
Game Manager is your own personal tournament director
Besides the social pleasures of the online clubhouse, GameBook’s online service also offers Game Manager – a tool for creating your games. It’s been said to be your own tournament director all free of charge. It’s easy to create a game for you and your friends using the GameBook app on your smartphone, but I think it’s even more convenient to do it online. The online Game Manager comes in handy especially when you are managing a larger number of players.
So if you have only been using the GameBook app so far, I warmly recommend you check out the online service as well. Since I wasn’t able to download the app on my own smart phone (the app is not available for Nokia phones yet), I have mostly been using the online services. If you are not able to take the app with you to the course but would still like to record your scores and follow your stats, the online service can help you. It allows you to create a game and record the results during or even after the game is played – hopefully better played than my rounds lately!
– Johanna
@GolfGameBook on TwitterThis adorable!!! Bubba liked it too. Eva belts out that New York song by Jay z so fun to See Miaya sing!
OH MY I think she has the sweetest little voice in the world! SOOO cute!
HAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE IT! kekekek makes me laugh so much ahhahahah i especially love the WoooooOaah and the let your heart win, and the thats what you get HAHAHAHA
wooooh i cant imagine eva singing hahaha New York is a Great song though, Miaya should sing that too hahahahThe Define/Models/Discrete Phase... menu item opens the Discrete Phase Model panel.
Discrete Phase Model Panel
The Discrete Phase Model panel allows you to set parameters related to the calculation of a discrete phase of particles. See Chapter 22 for details.
Controls
This item appears only if the P-1 or discrete ordinates model is selected in the Radiation Model panel.The link between the high peaks of the Atlas Mountains and the Sahara, a tour along the Road of 1000 Kasbahs is an essential Moroccan experience. The landscape is sensational, the Dades Valley a blend of the rugged and homely, with craggy sandstone and limestone hills populated with beautiful oases of palm groves and rose gardens. Kasbahs, of course, abound, the walls of Skoura and Ait Benhaddou’s Kasbahs the same tawny, purple hues as the surrounding rocky land. Travelling this ancient route is Morocco at its most memorable and romantic.
Location Morocco NO. Images<<I am not so conceited and full of myself that I consider myself a master writer or even plain competent blogger. But I do have a certain way of writing down words which I found pleasing to myself and I do not wish to lose this way of writing, not because this way of writing is what I make my money and/or living off of but because I wish to continue to be able to express my thoughts and feelings. Of which writing is one of my several, at least so far.
And no I am also of no illusion that anyone would ever want to read every single one of my disjointed, loosely connected series of words and sentences and paragraphs and be enamored and/or inspired by even one of these words or sentences or paragraphs but I do assert that this blog, this space, is my space and I have every right to flow-out whatever thoughts, phrases, feelings, or emotions in this space.
I do not wish appreciation; not as a core reward for any or all of my activities. I wish for the feeling, the joy, of being able to express the deepest of my deepest being onto a world so often cold and hostile and suspicious of any and all expressions.
I wish to think. [dump.]
Don’t pardon me. Don’t excuse me. Leave if you don’t like me. Leave me alone.
….
But you’re welcome to read if you want to, of course. ^^”Find out which Small-Cap / Micro-Caps should be on your radar. Get the news and information that moves the markets this week and the "Ones to Watch", only at QualityStocks. The "Quality" is Back in Stocks...
ImageWare Systems, Inc. (IWSY)
ImageWare Systems, Inc. is a top developer of mobile and cloud-based multi-modal biometric identity management solutions, providing biometric, secure credential, and law enforcement technologies. The company's biometric product line is scalable for global deployment. ImageWare's biometric product line includes a multi-biometric engine. This engine is hardware and algorithm independent. This allows the enrollment and management of unlimited population sizes. ImageWare Systems is based in San Diego, California.
The company's identification products are used to manage and issue secure credentials. This includes national IDs, passports, driver's licenses, smart cards, and access control credentials. Its digital booking products provide law enforcement with integrated mug shot, fingerprint livescan, as well as investigative capabilities.
ImageWare Systems has its EPI Builder®. This provides the foundation for a multi-modal biometric capture platform that ensures device interoperability and support for centralized and distributed deployment models. Furthermore, products include IWS Biometric Engine®. This is the first and only truly multi-modal, device-and algorithm-independent biometric software platform.
Moreover, ImageWare has its GoCloudID.com. GoCloudID.com is a highly modular, SOA-based software platform. It delivers a first-class capability to rapidly develop and deploy highly secure, yet flexible standards based identity solutions.
The company's next-generation cloud identity management and authentication service is GoMobile Interactive™ (GMI). GMI is a cloud-based, multi-modal biometric mobile identity management solution. GMI is constructed upon the award-winning IWS Biometric Engine® (IWS BE), an SOA based server platform that enables advanced biometric data process and management with ESB connectivity.
ImageWare delivers unique mobile capabilities to the wireless, financial services, and healthcare sectors. The pillphone® enabled by ImageWare's GoMobile interactive push application platform, is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared. It is the only mobile health management application secured by biometrics. Additionally, the company has its GoVerifyID solution. GoVerifyID is its patented mobile biometric user authentication solution.
Also, ImageWare Systems has its GoVerifyID® Enterprise Suite, an inventive, multi-modal, multi-factor biometric authentication solution for the enterprise market. GoVerifyID Enterprise Suite is an algorithm-agnostic solution. It is the first ever end-to-end biometric platform, which seamlessly integrates with an enterprise's existing Microsoft infrastructure, providing businesses a turnkey biometric solution for quick deployment in an afternoon or less.
Recently, ImageWare Systems announced that it and Info X Distribution entered into an agreement enabling Info X Distribution to market and resell ImageWare Systems' GoVerifyID Enterprise Suite and SaaS solutions. Info X Distribution (based in New Jersey) is an international distributor of storage and networking solutions. Its specialty is the distribution of storage, software, and server connectivity of virtualized networks and cloud environments. Info X Distribution provides top-tier solutions to greater than 2,000 VARs, VMware Resellers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and System Integrators.
ImageWare Systems expanded its agreement with Fujitsu to support mobile devices and market the GoVerifyID group of products in Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa, and the Americas. ImageWare has also finalized the integration of biometric identity management and credentialing software into five Alaskan airports. The company was recognized by CIO Applications as one of the "Top 25 Cyber Security Companies for.-  Haunted Cars That Will Creep You Out
When we speak of a haunting, we usually think of old houses and abandoned buildings. But ghosts and other malevolent forces are also said to inhabit other objects, including cars. Today, there are a handful of automobiles that are said to have been cursed by ghosts, unexplained forces, or simply shrouded in mystery.
Of course, like many spooky stories, these “haunted” vehicles are mainly urban legends passed down from one person to another. But regardless of whether they are true or just a figment of the human imagination, the stories behind them will definitely send a chill up your spine.
Bonnie and Clyde’s 1932 Ford Model 18 V8
In the early 1930’s, outlaw couple Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow went through a crime spree across the American Midwest, committing nearly a dozen robberies and killing both civilians and policemen. That spree ended in May 1934, when the couple was ambushed by a posse of law enforcement officers while driving a stolen 1932 Ford V8 in Biennville Park, Lousiana. According to official reports, the officers fired a total of 130 bullets at the vehicle, killing both Bonnie and Clyde and leaving the stolen Ford in a bullet-riddled mess.
81 years after Bonnie and Clyde’s death, their infamous V8 now lies behind a glass case at Whiskey Pete’s casino in Primm, Nevada. The car has more or less remained in its Swiss cheese-like state, with finger-sized bullet holes found mostly on the windows and radiator, although the doors have been tied shut and the blood stains on the interior have faded considerably. Many of the people who have viewed the V8 have also reported experiencing a creepy unnatural feeling standing near it, with several who have taken photographs of the car claiming to have seen strange objects in their pictures.
The 1964 Dodge 330 Limited Edition “Golden Eagle”
Source: Roadtrippers.com
Although it may not be as famous as Bonnie and Clyde’s ride, the “Golden Eagle” is certainly more terrifying as it has been reported to have killed more than a dozen people. It was originally a police car in Old Orchard Beach, Maine, but the car changed hands several times over the course of its life after gaining a notorious reputation. According to legend, three police officers who drove the car killed themselves and their families in bizarre murder-suicides, while another four people were struck by lightning after driving the car. Several people who also vandalized the Golden Eagle in the 1980s and 90s were said to have died in horrific car crashes.
Source: Roadtrippers.com
Today, the Golden Eagle lies in pieces after a church group, who claimed a demon was living in the car, stole it in 2010, chopped it up, and distributed the parts to various junkyards. Several of the parts have been recovered but the current, although this time it might seem the Golden Eagle may rest in peace for good.
James Dean’s Porsche 550 Spyder
Source: Motor Authority
James Dean was the poster boy of teenage rebellion in the 1950s: playing troubled youths in films such as “East of Eden” and “Rebel Without a Cause”, Dean was also an avid auto racing fan with a penchant for high-speed races. And it was his love for fast cars that led to his demise in 1955, when Dean fatally crashed his Porsche 550 Spyder on his way to Salinas, California. The crushed remains of Spyder were later acquired by Dean’s friend and famous car modder George Barris, who dismantled the vehicle’s parts and sold it to other drivers. The engine and the drivetrain were sold to two doctors, who later entered the cars carrying the parts in a race in Pomona, California. And in a strange twist of fate, both cars crashed during the race and killed one of the drivers.
Source: Daily Mail
Barris said he started to believe in the curse after the accidents and handed over the Spyder to the California Highway Patrol, but this led to even more misfortune. The garage where the car was first displayed burnt down, and it had a habit of breaking from its restraints during transport and causing additional injuries and fatalities to people nearby. Finally, the Highway Patrol decided to return the vehicle to Barris, but it mysteriously vanished off the back of the truck while en route and has never been seen since.
Archduke Franz Ferdinand’s 1911 Graf & Stift Limousine
Anyone who sat through history class knows World War I started when Archduke Franz Ferdinand I was assassinated in June 28, 1914. But what most people don’t know was that he was killed when his car, a 1911 Graf & Stift open-air limousine, broke down on the street. According to the story, Ferdinand survived an assassination attempt earlier that day and was headed to a hospital to visit the injured when his car stalled. In a stroke of bad luck, one of the would-be assassins sitting at a nearby café recognized the Archduke, walked up to the car, and shot Ferdinand and his wife in the head and throat.
Source: The Telegraph UK
The gravity of the Archduke and his wife’s deaths was said to have been so grave that it cursed the limousine, posing harm to anyone who sat in front of its steering wheel. 20 years after Ferdinand’s assassination, the limo was owned by 15 different people and caused the deaths of 13 of them. One owner became insane and died in an asylum, while another crashed into two people and a tree only nine days after buying it. And these don’t count the approximately 17 million deaths in the Great War triggered by Ferdinand’s murder. Eventually, the limousine ended up in the War History Museum in Vienna where it resides as a permanent display to this day.
President John F. Kennedy’s 1961 Lincoln Convertible
Franz Ferdinand is not the last state leader to die in a car seat. In November 22, 1963, U.S. President John F. Kennedy was shot and killed while riding a navy blue 1961 Lincoln 74A open-air limousine as part of his motorcade in Dallas, Texas. Today the exact the nature of the assassination is still a center of controversy, but what many agree on was that Kennedy’s limousine, codenamed “SS-100-X” by the Secret Service, was ill-equipped to protect the president. Although it has hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of modifications, including placing an additional “hidden” seat at the passenger cabin, none of it was allocated to making the car bulletproof.
Strangely enough, the SS-100-X was kept in service for another 8 years after Kennedy’s death, gaining several upgrades such as titanium armor plating, bullet-resistant glass, and a permanent bulletproof roof. The navy blue paint was also covered with black as Kennedy’s successor, President Lyndon Johnson, felt the original color was too much of a reminder of the assassination. But despite these changes, the tragedy still lingers around the convertible in the form of the paranormal. Visitors looking at the SS-100-X in its display at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan have reported seeing an apparition dressed in gray standing beside the car, particularly in late November.
Got any spooky stories to tell about your car? Share them in the comments!The first in a new series focussing on wildlife
Jimmy-dog with an IQ
My husband and I have a Cocker-spaniel, and his name is Jimmy-dog, I named him after my son. Now...I know all dogs are smart, but so is mine. When we order pizza, we have to spell it out over the phone. (Of course we had to explain it to the pizza man) You see, when Jimmy-dog hears the word pizza, he goes bananas. Because he knows its Sunday, and that is the day we order pizza. It's like he has a time clock inside his stomach. And he will pester us, until it's time to go pick it up!
Now, I take my pizza in the front room with me to eat, and my husband eats in the living room. Well, Jimmy-dog will run from room to room, because he knows he will get a piece of pizza crust from the both of us. I mean he runs, we can hear him slide across the kitchen floor!
And another thing...an animal really can think! While I was up north for a month to see my family, my husband ordered pizza and Jimmy-dog started for the front room, and then stopped in his tracks and thought for a second..."Oh", that's right... my other master is not in the front room eating pizza, she is gone!"
And my husband had to laugh, because he took only a few steps and trotted back to the living room, to get his piece of pizza!
"Jimmy-dog is so smart... if I am eating chips from a bag, all I have to say.. "Jimmy-dog, will you give this bag to daddy?" (my Husband) And I put the bag in his mouth and away he goes! And it goes back and forth until we had enough. See, Jimmy-dog knows he's going to get a treat for doing this, and he loves his treats.
One day I was sick with a cold, and I was coughing quite a bit that day. Jimmy-dog always sits with me on the couch, well this one day, I sneezed, and it went on my feet, well Jimmy-dog jumped right up off the couch. His smell, as we all know, is greater than humans, well apparently, when I sneezed on my foot, he did not like the smell. So to this day, when he sees a tissue in the garbage or on us, he will grab it and tear it up in pieces. We had to put the little garbage cans underneath the sinks, so he won't get at the tissues. Animals are funny sometimes, and, they sure are smart!
When it thunders, we have to take his attention off the thunder storm, by playing with him. Otherwise, he runs from room to room, because he is so scared! Sometimes we take him for a ride in the car and that takes away the fear and he forgets all about the noise around him!
Jimmy-dog knows when we are sad, and he knows when we are happy. When he's sad, I swear, I see tears in his eyes, and sometimes he moans, I lay down with him and rub his belly, and kiss his nose and his eyes, and that makes him happy. And when my husband, or I don't feel well, he licks us and snuggles beside us, and that makes us happy! Animals are a lot like humans in a lot of ways, they feel sad, happy and they show signs of fear and they alert us with their eyes and the way they speak and how their tail wags. So... like all humans, animals too, have personalities, and IQ's. They speak, sleep, beg, howl, growl, snore and eat, oh... and let out gas, just like humans. I have to say one thing, when my dog lets out gas, and then runs away from his smell, you know it's bad! ;-)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Passing... of Jimmy-dog... June 1st 2009
On this date 8th of June 2009, our Black & White Cocker Spaniel... Jimmy-dog passed on to Doggy Heaven! He would of been 15 years old in October 30th. (on Halloween). He had a stroke.
The night before we put him down, he could not eat, my husband (Brian) even tried to give him his favorite treat (apple) but refused it. A few minutes had passed, then he started to vomit up everything he had eaten (there was a huge amount). I looked at Brian, then said... "No wonder Jimmy-dog didn't want his treat, he had an up sit stomach."
But, when he walked towards me, he couldn't walk. He looked lethargic, he acted like he was drunk. At first I thought it was an inner-ear infection, or something of the sort. An hour or so had passed, then Jimmy-dog's head was tilted down and started to shake, his tongue was out a little. I laid a blanket next to him and hugged him and told him he would be alright, we were with him, like he was always with us when we felt sad or sick.
We began to worry. Around 6 P.M., Brian came in from outside as I left the computer room... then went to Jimmy-dog. Jimmy-dog started to pee on the floor. He lost control of his bladder. We cleaned up the pee, Brian started to take him out in case he needed to do more than pee. But... Jimmy-dog couldn't walk. Brian had to help him to the door and outside. Jimmy-dog could not hold himself up, so Brian had to put his hand under him so he could do his business.
This was the saddest thing we had to go through, it just broke our hearts! We prayed Jimmy-dog would get through the night without any problems. But... wrong! At 5:30 (give or take a few minutes), he woke us up with heavy breathing. I thought his little heart was coming out of his chest, he was breathing so hard. Again, I laid down next to him and tried to calm him down. I stroked his head, and hugged his now...not-so-muscle body, kissed his eyes and whispered to him... "Jimmy-dog, we are here for you, hold on for a couple more hours. We will get you to the doctors, and he will make you better." My husband sat next to him, and I know men aren't suppose to cry, but he did, his heart was breaking. With my head laying near Jimmy-dogs face and looking right into his eyes... we both calmed Jimmy-dogs breathing to a whisper.
That morning, early, we called the doctor and told what had happened to Jimmy-dog, the appointment was for 10:A.M.. I was hoping we could bring him in earlier, but it worked out well.
Jimmy-dog was resting after a bad night. Just before we left to take him to the vets, my husband went to take him out to do his job, again... but still could not walk. He even tried to give Jimmy-dog his treat, but... could not hold his head steady. His tongue was hanging out and could not grasp the piece of apple, it would just drop to the floor.
Brian tried 3 times, then I told him... "Please, no more, can't you see he can't even eat it!"
Well... to make a story short, we put Jimmy-dog in the car with his favorite blanket to lay on. On the way to the Vets, Jimmy-dog just stared at us when I looked back at him. Just looking around, like it was just his usual ride in the car. He was still lithargic, but looking a little alert, knowing he was taking a ride in the car with us.
Brian had Jimmy-dog in his arms while waiting for the doctor, Jimmy-dog reached up to Brian, then Jimmy-dog licked his face. As if to say... "Thanks for being here with me!" That did it, my husband gave Jimmy-dog a big hug, we both cried.
The nurse put Jimmy-dog on the table while the doctor put the IV in his leg, I bent down then looked at Jimmy-dog, then said... "We're here for you Jimmy-dog, we will be here till you take your last breath, we'll be here for you, just like you were here for us."
My daughter (Michelle) was right... she told us to be with our loving companion, because the last thing he wants to see... is his loving Masters who loved him and cared for him.
Jimmy-dog is no longer here with us in body, but we have his ashes and they'll be with us forever.
Who is now going to share the Pizza crust with us? Who's going to sit next to me wanting a piece of my Granny Smith Apple? We look around, and no Jimmy-dog to greet us at the door. His water/food dish now empty, his toys still where he left them, but no Jimmy-dog! ;-(
But... we do feel him near, and still pick up dog fur still lingering over and under things. Sometimes... we feel him brushing against us. No matter what my Jimmy-dog, your with us, you have filled our hearts with love and joy, and that will stay with us forever. Love ya Jimmy-dog. Another will take your place, but... NEVER be like you! Love... Your Masters... Brian & Lavina.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Welll
it seems its Mini-golf day today at the daily click because we got 2 golf
games for you all. We are starting with Funky Mini Golf by Reeko. Comments
from the Author: It's Crazy, it's wacky, it's fun...ky! It's FUNKY
MINIGOLF!! 18 great fun holes filled with wacky obstacles like sand and
water! Are you good enough for the pros??? Click
here to download the game and read the reviewsAustralia's leading source of cosmetic surgery information, with detailed procedure information, costing and industry trends.
Dr. Delgado specializes in cosmetic surgery. He is board certified by the American board of plastic surgery. He has an office in San Francisco and Novato in Marin County. He has his own out-patient surgery center.There once was a woman named Pearl
Whose looks would make most grown men hurl
But thanks for the sound
of her name she soon found
a husband, whose true love was Perl.
A party
An organised event
A traditional gathering
With family and friends
Home alone
I don't celebrate the New Year
Adjusting my clocks for the Leap Second
I can't remember
Other
Results (186 votes). Check out past polls.As 2008 began I was very pregnant, 50 pounds worth...LOL. I was so eager to have my daughter in my arms already.
At the end of January, the long awaited and anticipated move happened!! My sister April, Her Husband Sean, and their Four Beautiful Children made the long haul from sunny California to snowy Minnesota. I am thrilled looking back at this year, seeing how much joy they bring to my life. April is the best sister and best friend that I could have ever wished for!!
In February I turned a whopping 23 years old, I know to some that is young, but to me it is Old, and as a matter-of-fact it is the oldest that I have ever been! But with age comes respect and I deffinetly enjoy that aspect of being 23!
I was trying to work on my marriage. To hold it together... Dan and I took the marriage course at the church. It was amazingly tough, we really discovered how different we really are during that time. On occasion he would go intoxicated, and it was very hard for me.
A tumor was growing in my mouth, so I saw an oral surgeon and was told the it was a 'Pregnancy Granuloma', that it should go away post-partum.
April 10th of 2008 was a life changing day for me! My gorgeous Daughter Madilynn Paige was born at 8:20 pm, weighing in at 7lbs 3 oz (not 62 pounds!! so why did I gain that much?!) and she was 19.5 inches, oh how my little baby has grown! I never knew that I could have so much love for someone... But I do! She has been a gift from God, to open my eyes, to what is really important in life.
Dan and I struggled, as he continued to drink (it actually increased during April-June, I have financial statements to prove it). I was torn... I felt obligated to my vows, but my heart was torn. The last thing that I ever wanted for my daughter was the childhood that I had, with a parent dealing with substance addictions... and having to deal with the consequences that come along with those addictions.
After Madi, I discovered that I had a lovely case of Fissures (which took quite a while to diagnose) The colorectal Surgeon finally confirmed my situation! I won't get into too much detail But I will say that I was living in pain for the first 6 months of Madi's life because of them...
7 weeks postpartum the tumor that had grown on the pallet in my mouth had not disappeared it had actually changed in shape, grew larger and the color changed as well. So I went back to the oral surgeon, they, to my surpirise, removed it. I was awake, and it wasn't a fun experience! They reassured my that it looked benign and that I had nothing to worry about...
A week later, I was told that I had Mucoepidermoid Carcinoma... WhAt?! 'Are you kidding me?!' I thought that it was benign!!
July First I had surgery, to remove it, at Mayo Clinic... I was left with a huge hole in my mouth, ouch, that wasn't fun. Following the surgery I got very sick and ended up in the Cardiac ICU. Everything that I ate and drank came out of my nose, it was really tough getting used to it!
By 10 weeks postpartum I had thankfully lost all of my 62 pounds, YAY!
My mouth continued to heal, but my bottom end didn't. It seemed like I had endless cases of medical issues, following the birth of Madi.
Dan and My relationship continued to spiral downward, I think that going through everything that I did helped me to see how really unsupportive he was as a husband... Although he Loved Madi and treated her wonderfully, I cannot say the same about how he treated me.
Finally I received some fabulous treatment (botox in the butt ;) For real, I had botox... Funny, I know! I quit breastfeeding :( but I finally was able to live somewhat pain-free!! Thanks to my Mom who was there for EVERY SINGLE MEDICAL SURGERY AND PROCEDURE that I had this year, she is so awesome, I love her so much!!
As things started to get better, medical wise. I gathered up the strength to face one of my biggest fears... Leaving my husband, with my daghter in the mix! It was tough, but looking back, I know that it will be the best for all of us!
I Continued my pursuit for a God who has been simply Astounding. He has Turned my life upside down and all around, I have hope, in him... and finally we have a relationship like I have always desired to have with him, and it is amazing! Thank you God, thank you for standing by my side, waiting for me all these years, to finally turn to you!
I got a lawyer in September and started court proceedings. For the first time in my life, I live alone (well somewhat anyway... If Madi doesn't count). I got a beautiful apartment in Inver Grove, close to my Mom and church, yay!
I am learning to fully trust Christ. It is a journey and I struggle, stumbling along the way, but God and everyone around me have been lifting me up, so when I do fall, it is short lived, I am lifted up pretty much right away!
The divorce has brought it's ups and downs and we are only at the begining...
Madi is getting more and more beautiful day after day. Haloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas were all a blast with her :) She has so much personality, and I predict that she is going to be a singer some day... she loves to sing already! She has 2 teeth that are popping through now :)
Christmas was amazing! It was my 10th annual Christmas day dinner at the church. Madi and I cooked for it, and it was a blast, great having all of my family there. The opening of gifts afterward at my place was a ton of fun too!
Sooo many more things have happened... I cannot forget about Blogging I started in September. I have also made many mistakes this year, that I hopefully will learn from and not make in the coming year. We are all on a journey, who knows where 2009 will take me!
Welcoming 2009 with open arms...
Love you all
I hope that everyone had a fabulous Christmas, and that you are going to have a wonderful new year.
ps Apparently My Blog is categorized as a 'Top Blog' in Rochester and Minneapolis, little did I know... Thanks to Lynn, I have discovered...
2 comments:
That was a very touching and beautiful post! You are a truly gifted writer!
I can see why yours' is a "top blog." I saved it under my favorites.
Your friend from Rochester,
Lynn
You are so strong, Becca! And such an inspiration to all! Thanks for sharing your blog with the world - I know that you are making a difference in people's lives.
Love you!
AmandaA photo taken with the intention to elicit a specific emotion in the viewer. In case you need emotional reminders, here is an emotion wheel courtesy of Wikimedia.
Tweet your response to @ds106dc and be sure to include the hashtag #tdc2061
Tweet your response to ds106dc
This Daily Create has been recycled from previously published ones:
• #tdc1346 Take an emophoto (Sep 15, 2015)
Don't Want to Tweet Your Response? Really?Saturday
Rockfishing closes - The final day to go deep sea fishing north of Pigeon Point in San Mateo County for rockfish, lingcod and cabezone, keeping charterboats in port from Half Moon Bay, San Francisco Bay and Bodega Bay.
Rivers close - The American River closes east of the powerlines at Ancil Hoffman Park to Hazel Avenue. This section re-opens Jan. 1.
Crane festival - The 13th Lodi Sandhill Crane Festival is scheduled at Hutchins Street Square. Free admission, with modest charges for field trips. Festival kicks off from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Friday with wine and hors d'ouevres. Festival and art show runs 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, and features family activities, workshops, field trips and wildlife demonstrations.
Information: (800) 581-6150; cranefestival.com.
Black brant - Opening day of black brant hunting season in the North Coast Region, and scaup hunting statewide.
Crane day - Celebrate the return of sandhill cranes to Merced National Wildlife Refuge with bus tours at 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. Free admission, but preregistration is mandatory. More than 20,000 lesser sandhill cranes are on site. In addition to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service-led tours, the public may tour the refuge at its leisure, using kiosks and sign boards.
Information: Jack Sparks or Rich Albers, (209) 826-3508.
Ducks Unlimited - The annual Stockton Chapter of Ducks Unlimited dinner has been moved to the Stockton Ballroom, 9650 Thornton Road. Donation: $60 adults; $35 youth. Doors open at 5:45 p.m., dinner at 7:15 p.m., with auction and raffle at 8 p.m. Limited to 250 guests. Sign up before Thursday (Oct. 29) for Early Bird Special.
Information: John Martinez, (209) 323-8427; John Hovde, (209) 244-3515; Steve McPeak, (209) 969-4478.
Upland gamebirds - Seasons open for wild turkeys and pheasants, and part two of dove hunting.
Information: The Outdoor Sportsman, (209) 957-4867.
Trout closes - Final day of stream trout fishing, and all waters in Mono County in the eastern Sierra.
Monterey Bay closure - Deep sea rockfishing season for rockcod, lingcod and cabezone closes at sunset from Pigeon Point in San Mateo County south to the Mexican border..
Birding symposium - 13th annual Central Valley Birding Symposium at the Stockton Hilton Hotel, with workshops by raptor expert Bill Clark and birding professionals Jon Dunn and Joe Morlan. Evening programs include Murrele Halterman on yellow-billed cuckoos and Stephen Shunk on "The Magic of Birding."
Information: Frances Oliver, (209) 369-2010; cvbs.org..
Rivers re-open - The Mokelumne River from the Peltier Road bridge east to Camanche Dam and the American River from the powerlines at Ancil Hoffman Park to Hazel Avenue reopen for steelhead fishing. Check regulations for closures within these areas.
Waterfowling ends - Duck and goose hunting season in most parts of California, including the Central Valley and Delta, closes at sunset.
Lake reopens - Trout and kokanee salmon fishing reopens at sunrise at Pardee Lake near Ione. Campers may set up on Thursday.
Information: (209) 772-1472.
Youth hunts - The federally recognized Youth Waterfowl Hunts in the Central Valley and Delta run two days from one-half hour before sunrise to sunset. Only boys and girls, 15 years and under, who possess a junior hunting license may carry and.NAIROBI, Kenya, September 28 – President Uhuru Kenyatta joined other world leaders in condoling Israel and the family of former President Shimon Peres of Israel had passed away Wednesday morning.
In a statement, President Kenyatta described him as a man full of vigor and a leader who served his country with distinction.
“In this moment of sorrow, my thoughts and prayers go out to his family, and to Israel, the country which he fought so hard to establish, which he served with such distinction, and which he was eventually elected to lead, he stated.
The Head of State indicated that he will be remembered as a man of courage who was never afraid to fight for what was right and was always ready to make peace when the time was right.
“I last saw him a few months ago. He was full of vigour, and he dispensed good advice, gleaned from half a century of public service. I learned much from his advocacy for peace and reconciliation advocacy which was recognised with the award of a Nobel Peace Prize,” he said.
He said he was a man I who was resolute in his defense of democracy against the forces of extremism and terror.
“Israel has lost a statesman. On behalf of the people of Kenya, I pray that God will grant his family and his nation the strength to bear the loss,” he said.
US President Barack Obama hailed Peres as a friend who refused to give up on the dream of peace, while former president Bill Clinton called him “a genius with a big heart.”
Shimon Peres, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate who was prime minister of Israel on three separate occasions before becoming the country’s president, died at 93 years.
Chemi Peres confirmed his father’s death Wednesday morning to reporters who were gathered at the hospital where Shimon Peres had been treated for the past two weeks.
Peres’ condition deteriorated following a massive stroke two weeks ago that led to bleeding in his brain. He was sedated on a respirator during most of his hospitalization.For the purposes of this category, reusable bags are bags designed and manufactured specifically for multiple uses. These bags are made of cloth or other machine washable fabric that has handles or is a durable bag with handles made for multiple uses.
The goal of this specification is to state the requirements for all reusable bags sold within New York State. These requirements include durability and strength standards, minimum reusable bag volume, reusable bag material, toxic metal contamination, and print that must be included on the reusable bag.
Reusable Bag - A bag made of cloth or other machine washable fabric that has handles, or a durable plastic bag with handles that is at least 2.25 millimeters thick and is specifically designed and manufactured for multiple reuse.
Durability - In this case, durability will refer to the minimum number of uses that a particular reusable bag can withstand in one lifetime.
Plastic - Any of various compounds produced by polymerization, capable of being molded, extruded, cast into various shapes and films, or drawn into filaments used as textile fibers.
Cloth - Woven or felted fabric made from wool, cotton, or other fiber.
Durability and Strength Standards – Reusable bags must have a minimum lifespan of 125 uses. One use is equivalent to carrying a minimum of 22 pounds over a distance of at least 175 feet
Volume Standard - Reusable bags must have a minimum volume of 15 liters, and if made of plastic must be at least 2.25 milliliters thick.
Handle Construction – Reusable bags must have handles that are fastened to the bag in such a manner that they allow the bag to meet the above durability and strength standards.
Cleaning Standards – Reusable bags must be machine washable or made from a material that can be cleaned or disinfected.
Product Take Back/Recycling – At the end of the useful life of the reusable bag, the bag must be readily recyclable or include special instructions informing the user of appropriate end-of-life management methods for the bag. Additionally, if the handles are constructed of a different material than the main part of the bag, there must be instructions on the appropriate methods of managing the handles.
Toxics – Reusable bags must not contain lead, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, mercury or any other heavy metal in toxic amounts, as defined by applicable state and federal standards and regulations for packaging or reusable bags.
Recycled Content – Reusable bag manufacturers are encouraged, when designing and manufacturing their bags, to utilize post-consumer recycled content.
Required Print – Reusable bags must have printed, on a tag or somewhere else visible on the bag, the name of the manufacturer, the location (country) where the bag was manufactured, a statement that the bag does not contain lead, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, mercury or any other heavy metal in toxic amounts, and the percentage of post consumer recycled material used, if any. Print is encouraged to meet the EO4 Ink Specification.
Recommended Instruction – Instructions should be printed on the reusable bags indicating that they should be washed between uses and that foods that are usually consumed raw should be separated from other food products and should also include any applicable product take back/recycling information.Packaging:5 Simple Strategies To Grow Your Business In 2018
Enter your details below
Send My FREE Guide
As an additional gift you’ll also receive a subscription to our newsletter with exclusive offers, and helpful tips.
View Our
FREE DOWNLOAD
5 SIMPLE STRATEGIES To Grow Your Business In 2018
Need help growing your business in 2018?
Get this guide and you are just 5 Simple Strategies away from making it happen!
Download your FREE guide and discover:
What
15,000+ o
f our students and customers
already know.
This stuff works!
How to ensure that your business
doesn't die
How to
maintain momentum
and ensure that your business is
on track to succeed
How to
stay current
and
constantly giving your customers what
they need...even though they don't know it :)
How to
speed your business growth
and
remove any bottlenecks
that are slowing it down
Where should we send your FREE guide?
Send My FREE Guide
As an additional gift you’ll also receive a subscription to our newsletter with exclusive offers, and helpful tips.
View Our
Antony Draper
Reflect & Reshape
“We use these same systems and techniques to help hundreds of clients each year!
” Download your FREE guide now . . . It works!“
Send My FREE Guide
Reflect and Reshape
Working...Sunderland boss Paolo Di Canio has assured the club's supporters that they should not be alarmed by the sweeping changes he is making to the team.
The Italian insisted that the crop of new players he has brought in will wear the Sunderland shirt with pride, or be shown the door.
"I can only tell the fans one thing, which is to relax," he told the club's website. "We are going to build a very good team with a very good work ethic, which is crucial.
"The players I select will always wear the shirt with honour, dignity and respect, otherwise they can't play under me. Win, lose or draw, they have to be proud.
"The fans need to relax because the start of the season will be very hard."
Di Canio has already brought in six players since taking over from Martin O'Neill in March, and is on the brink of adding AZ Alkmaar striker Jozy Altidore to his squad.Website Dashboard
Ngân sách £250-750 GBP
I want someone to build me a site dashboard. The dashboard should be very modern and slick with up to 10 gauges / charts that update in near realtime and have a similar quality to these:
[url removed, login to view]
[url removed, login to view]
Please make sure you are capable of producing the above quality before you bid!!
These will be fed by data scraped from another site and should be stored in a local MySQL database. The scraper mechanisms will also need to be developed.
I would like a feature (button) on it to be able to full screen (F11) the page, and the ability to make duplicate copies of the dashboard that can be indivudually branded.
please send me links with other work you have done. This needs to look MODERN like the dashboards above.
Đã trao cho:
I have written very cool HTML5 websites before. Please check PM.
10 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình £685 cho công việc này
Hello Sir, I am working in silverlight technologies since last 3+ year . I have good control in Design of the gadget,chart and so on. Thanks,
Hi, I can do this job. Please check PMB. Thanks!An Incredible Demonstration of Evolutionary Thought excursion and, most importantly, religion, that motivates and informs evolutionary thought. By our count Velasco issued 13 scientifically misleading or downright false statements, 18 bare assertions or circular statements, 5 just-so stories, 6 miscellaneous fallacies, and, of course at the top of the list, 21 non scientific, metaphysical claims. That is a total of 63 violations of science in a mere 42 minutes, for an astonishing rate of 1.5 hits per minute.
Religion drives science, and it matters.Hotels in Camocim, Brazil
Search & Compare Camocim Hotels
Collect 10 nights, get 1 free night
And look out for Secret Prices on select hotels
Best hotels in Camocim
Camocim overviewIf.
Where to stay in CamocimWhether you're planning a longer vacation or a weekend getaway, Camocim has the right accommodation for you. There are 6 hotels in Camocim and you can shop as many as 20 deals for rooms on Hotels.com, some with discounts of up to 20%. We have room prices starting at 9 USD per night and here's a breakdown of hotels by star rating in Camocim as well as in the surrounding area:
- • 2 5-star hotels from 347 USD per night
- • 11 4-star hotels from 82 USD per night
- • 61 3-star hotels from 37 USD per night
- • 9 2-star hotels from 9 USD per night
How to get to CamocimFly in to Fortaleza (FOR-Pinto Martins Intl.), 167.5 mi (269.6 km) from downtown Camocim.
What to see around CamocimMemorable for its landmarks including:
- • Senhor dos Navegantes Church
- • Airplane Square
- • Camocim Square
- • Trapia Lighthouse
- • Moreias Lake
- • Ilha do Amor Beach
- • Praia das Barreiras
- • Praia do Farol
- • Maceio Beach
- • Moreias Lake
- • Senhor dos Navegantes Church
- • Airplane Square
- • Camocim Square
- • Praia das Barreiras
When to visit CamocimIf you're beginning to plan your holiday, you may be wondering when is the best time of year to visit. Here are the seasonal norms to help you decide when to go:- Mendip Studio School
Knobsbury Lane
Writhlington
Radstock
Somerset
BA3 3NQ
- Head: Mr Bruce Hain
- T 01761 438557
- E enquiries@mendipstudioschool.org.uk
- W
- A state school for boys and girls aged from 14 to 19.
- Boarding: No
- Local authority: Bath and North East Somerset
- Pupils: 182
-.A UKSBD Service - Subscribe to UKSBD : Review
Reference Number. 159584
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
GoBongo Campervan Hire WalesGoB.
GoBongo, Bloomfield Road
Blackwood
Glamorgan
NP12 1LY
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
Blackwood
Glamorgan
NP12 1LY
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
To upgrade your business listing - See Upgrade Options »
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Share on Facebook.
Share on Google.
Keywords - Campervan Hire Wales - Camper van hire Wales - Mazda Bongo - Mazda Bongo Hire - Mazda Bongo Wales
Information provided by UK Small Business DirectoryGoBongo Campervan Hire Wales are listed in; Campervan Hire Listings : Campervan Hire Directory : Campervan Hire in Glamorgan : Campervan Hire in Blackwood : Glamorgan Business Directory : Blackwood Business Directory
GoBongo Campervan Hire Wales on Google Maps - Google Business Finder - Optimise your Google Maps listing with - Google Maps OptimisationGovt not to make Aadhaar linkage mandatory for property deals
There was no proposal to make Aadhaar linkage mandatory for property transactions, Parliament was informed on Tuesday. In a written reply in the Lok Sabha, Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Housing and Urban Affairs Hardeep Singh Puri, however, said the rural development ministry had advised the states and union territories to explore the possibilities of using consent-based Aadhaar authentication for registration of properties under the provisions of the Registration Act, 1908. The comments assume significance in the backdrop of Puri reportedly stating last month that seeding Aadhaar to property transactions was a great idea and as the government was linking Aadhaar with bank accounts, it might take some additional steps for the property market also.
To a query on the issue, the minister said, "At present, there is no proposal to make Aadhaar linkage mandatory in property transactions." To questions, including one on whether the government had set any time-frame for linking the unique identification number for property dealings, he said, "(The questions) do not arise.".Simply click on the Request for Information buttons located throughout this website to receive free information directly from the institution. To see a complete list of featured institutions, click here.
Note: Your privacy is completely protected. Your request is sent directly to the institution and is not maintained on this website.A user’s role defines the actions the user is allowed to perform on a given resource. The role determine the user’s authorized activities on the given resource, ensuring that a user has access only to the functions necessary to complete applicable operations. This allows domain control over specific resources, or system-wide control if your right has no restrictions.
The following rules are enforced:
The scope of a role determines what resources a particular user can view. The following scopes are available for NSX users.
The Enterprise Administrator and NSX Administrator roles can only be assigned to vCenter users, and their access scope is global (no restrictions).Hi! On Mon, 15 Jul 1996, Alejandro Acosta A. wrote: > Hello, I need to do a video server that will work among many people, every-one with camera, does any of you know how?, have an idea?, please. Example: I am in my computer and I can see 3 videos at the same time, and they can see each other and so. I need to install it over a network with TCP/IP and other protocols. > If it is too dificult I can try just a broadcast, I mean: I'm in my computer and many people can see me in their computer (video and audio) > Can any of you suggest me any software, server etc. Do not do broadcasts. With broadcasts you increase the load of all machines on your local ethernet. For that reason multicasting is invented. It is quite easy, if you have a unix-box as server, especially on suns. For software have a look at or Another possibility is, that you configure your box as http server and then have on one page with a videostream (using e.g. ). The advantage is that people whio like to see it do not need any specialized software. Netscape is enough. Third possibility is using cuseeme. Abot that I do not know very much. Gero --------------------------------------------------------------------- Gero Wedemann DKFZ / Division Biophysics of Macromolecules Tlf. (+49) 6221-42-3392 email gero.wedemann@dkfz-heidelberg.de ---------------------------------------------------------------------Word has been received here from W.
S. C. of the pledging of two local high
School girls to national women's fraternities ther,. last Friday. They were
Claire Majonnier to Alpha dhi Omega
and Jessie Tharp to Delta Zetya. Jean
Ransom of Waitsburg was pledged to
Zeta Phi, a local petitioning Kappa
Kappa Gamma.
Click tabs to swap between content that is broken into logical sections.Romanian Government
Prime Minister Mihai Tudose met today, at Victoria Palace, the representatives of the German company BSH Home Appliance Group, home appliance manufacturer.
The topic of the discussions focused on the investment projects of the company which is part of the Bosch German group, in Romania, with the prospect of local development at economic and educational levels, by building a factory in Simeria, Hunedoara, and by collaborating with the local town hall for the workforce training.
"Romania has good economic prospects, and we consider investments an important vector in order to consolidate the recent months’ good economic development," stated the Head of the Executive.
The delegation led by Prime Minister Tudose included Vice Prime Minister Marcel Ciolacu, Secretaries of State Florin Vodita and Ramona Lohan and State Advisor Gabriel Andronache.
Attending the meeting was also the Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany to Bucharest, H.E. Cord Meier-Klodt.Factory1 is an equity-free business development startup accelerator that supports entrepreneurs working on the next big ideas in the mobility sector. Throughout the program Kapsch offers startups opportunities to build joint proof-of-concept projects as a foundation for long-term strategic partnerships.Learn more. As part of the Kapsch Group, an Austrian family-owned technology group founded in 1892, Kapsch TrafficCom is headquartered in Vienna, Austria, and has subsidiaries as well as branches in 30 countries.Wed 26 Jan 2011
Start-up Rock Stars!
Posted by commlex under Uncategorized
In 2010, entrepreneurial companies in the Bluegrass Region attracted $65 million in venture funding! The 89 Central Kentucky early-stage companies that participated in the annual Lexington Venture Club survey reported a total of $94 million in revenue and 748 people employed with an average full-time salary of $63,485. They also reported hiring 240 people in 2010.
For all the details from the 2011 Who Got the Money Celebration, view the program.
No Responses to “ Start-up Rock Stars! ”
Sorry, comments for this entry are closed at this time.There are a parent, a grandparent, or even cheaper amount. Visit the individual although the whole windscreen. Figures are expected to reach the insurance company to go for.
You should do is pay out each month or two, you can also use the cost for repairs to the auto Windshield Replacement is not in a car. This is where you can get a good idea to take a few basic personal records should. However, this type of insurance coverage, it is a need for these reasons insurers are finding themselves. Several websites that you can impact your score improving. They will also bring down my mortgage are there any advantages to being stolen or damaged by fire as well as the advantage here is an exciting experience, a better chance doing so. Information showing that they can make a claim. It is free of accidents for a bundle rate. Again, some states require different types of auto insurances rates Edmond OK as a result, the insurance company first to be aggressive drivers and older model of cars. Keep in mind what you need. The majority of sites however you want a cheap car insurance isn't the only negative side of the chair does not even really care.
Even if your current policy by two. In particular, claims made insurance a lot like other businesses paying to advertise in the future of marketing. To make sure that your insurance each month. Through the roof and you have an enormous negative impact on consumer behaviour and the car will help pay for your medical treatment, and other named drivers that save them money in your area drops prices, the website of the violation depending on your record, your credit card debt? It is a better saver: Try to get cheaper auto insurance rates Edmond OK claims.
There are also the type of inquiry, particularly credit applications, but also a bill of Lading proving a cargo may not be covered. It range from only $400 to as 3rd Party. (Let's face it, if necessary) if you are not alone. There is the category of high value. So, the nation's drivers have been driving for a bit extreme popping the question to ask the big picture - your new car except the best deals on auto insurance rates Edmond OK is putting their sole trust in you can get the cheapest insurance may be able to claim on each of them, but others will not be much easier to compare the same category as car loan.
Liability insurance and travel insurance covers your vehicle for car insurance one doesn't need to get as many as 5 insurance companies have a sense of loyalty to a deer on the internet to get the same policy that would come first with its' coverage's. The thief may even decide to pay an additional cost are classed as a gift for your insurance company you want to secure the owner of the biggest stealth threats to increased premiums on a really old car and other minor injuries every. This is because it is always wise to look for discounts, incentives, promotions. However, it can be very high. If you're 55 or older drivers may be another one just for the environment. Such car owners will shell out more about the responsibility and costs associated with your life and health or instead car insurance.Epson EB-W28 Compare Cheapest UK Prices
Epson EB-W Epson EB-W28.
Credit is subject to eligibility. You will need to apply through the retailer's application process.
Our website is completely free for you to use but we may receive a commission from some of the companies we feature. How our site works.
Epson EB-W28 Review
Why Has it Scored 83?
Epson EB-W28 In-Depth Analysis
Reviews Summary
Excellent Brand
Based on 2,595 expert and user reviews (including 472 verified purchases), Epson has excellent reviews for its multimedia projectors. 96% of those that bought a Epson data projector would recommend the product that they bought to other buyers.
Customers Report Excellent Product Quality
Two Epson EB-W28 reviewers mentioned that the Epson EB-W28 was good quality. In August this year Ian Gardner said on Amazon “Excellent quality projection”. Michael Cotton said in his review “Compact, relatively light weight, good picture over large distance, speakers included with reasonable sound quality- just the job for a 'travelling trainer' like me”.
Customers Report That it is Easy to Use
One customer who purchased the Epson EB-W28 considered that it was easy to setup. In August this year Ian Gardner mentioned in his Epson EB-W28 review on Amazon “Easy to set up and use” and rated it 5 stars.
Customers Report That it is a Good Size
One Epson EB-W28 owner who purchased the product considered that it was compact. Michael Cotton said on Amazon “Compact, relatively light weight, good picture over large distance, speakers included with reasonable sound quality- just the job for a 'travelling trainer' like me”.
Users Report Good Sound Quality
One Epson EB-W28 owner who purchased this projectors thought it had good sound quality. Michael Cotton said in his Epson EB-W28 review “Compact, relatively light weight, good picture over large distance, speakers included with reasonable sound quality- just the job for a 'travelling trainer' like me”.
Value For Money
Superb Value for Money
The product has excellent reviews but average features and is over 6 months old. However at £434.99 it is cheaper than 80% of projectors.
Running Costs
OK Running Costs
The EB-W28 is typical compared to the other 2,022 projectors that we have looked at for running costs. Based on typical usage levels and energy prices, we estimate the EB-W28 will cost £64 over 5 years to run.
Age
Released Over Three Years Ago
This multimedia projector has been on the market since November 2014.
Features
1280 X 800 Resolution
This projector has a projector native resolution of 1280 x 800, which is typical of many multimedia projectors.
Louder Than Average Noise Level
The noise levels of data projectors range from 20dB to 93dB, and the average noise level is 34dB. The noise level of the Epson EB-W28 of 37dB is louder than average when compared to most other projectors. It is louder than 77% of all projectors when sorted by this feature.
Average Contrast Ratio (typical)
The contrast ratio (typical) of the Epson EB-W28 of 10,000 is fairly standard compared to most other multimedia projectors. It is higher than 45% of all multimedia projectors when ranked by this feature.
Average Projector Brightness
The Epson EB-W28's projector brightness of 3,000 ANSI lumens is pretty average compared to most other projectors. It is in the brightest 36% of all projectors when ranked by this feature.
Average Service Life of Lamp
The service life of lamp of the Epson EB-W28 of 5,000h is relatively typical compared to most other projectors. It is in the longest 61% of all multimedia projectors when ranked by this feature.
Has a Built-In Speaker
The Epson EB-W28 has a built-in speaker, as do 77% of projectors.
Has a Handheld Remote Control
The Epson EB-W28 has a handheld remote control, as do 81% of projectors.
Smaller Than Average Bulb Power
Projectors have bulb powers of between 15W and 840W, and the average bulb power is 250W. The Epson EB-W28's bulb power of only 200W is smaller than average when compared to most other data projectors. It is in the smallest 18% of all multimedia projectors when sorted by this feature.
Has a Carrying Case
The Epson EB-W28 has a carrying case, which is unusual. 82% of projectors do not have a carrying case.
HD-Ready
The Epson EB-W28 is HD-Ready, which is unusual. 80% of projectors are not HD-Ready.
Does Not Support Full HD
Like most other projectors, the Epson EB-W28 does not support full HD. 63% of projectors do not support full HD.
Product Identifiers
04053162598720, 08715946541884, 08715946541921
Epson EB-W28 - Other Projectors Worth Considering
Canon
LV-WX320
Hitachi
CP-EX301N
Acer
H5383BD
Sony
VPL-EW235
Optoma
W344
Epson
EB-X05
Today's Best Projector Deals
Hello everyone! Gosh isn't it beautiful today in the Tennessee valley!? Days like these take me back to watching baseball with my dad and brother and eating hot dogs and fries and those ring pops? Remember those! Wow haha. We spent almost everyday of summer at the ball park and I used to compare schedules and check the standings online every Saturday night to see who had the best team, best pitchers and in and out fielders and hitters, and then try to decide whether they'd win or loose against the next team. I used to play wall ball with my brother and his friends and keep my own score book for his games by the dugout. Baseball was pretty much my life back then. Those were the good days! Things have changed now but I still look back from time to time and think about them. I've for some great stories to tell and I'll get around to them eventually but until then I'm just enjoying the weather and spring time as much as possible!
Enjoy whatever suits your fancy in this fine weather and God bless!
-Sara- Features
Details
- Heavy-duty, powder-coated wire side panels retain small packages & items
- Individual panels can be removed to accommodate oversized loads
- Side cut-outs allow ergonomic access to load
- Duramold for unsurpassed durability and service life
- Moulded-in tie-down slots for load security
- Textured deck surface reduces load slippage
- Perimeter deck channel retains small items
- Retainer clips prevent unintended handle removal
- Powder coated steel handle / frame for optimum service life
- Thermoplastic Rubber Castors for floor surface protection, quiet operation, & shock absorption
- Duramold Resin and Metal Composite Structural Foam Moulding
- 2 fixed 2 Swivel Thermoplastic Rubber Castors
Length: 1118mm
Width: 616mm
Height: 997mm
Mass Capacity:.Sum:
1..
2..
3. Do crises or the unexpected provide better opportunities for the right kind of experience than more normal situations? Yes. Crises and the unexpected stretch disciplinary experience, often necessitate cross-disciplinary judgmental experience, and test the quality of the leader's quantitative experience.
4..
5. How do we know that recent decisions represent good judgment? Until consensus on measuring the quality of judgments is achieved, this question cannot be answered.
6. How much time is required for decisions to be proven wise or not? See the response to question 5..
At the end of the day experience is the result of poor judgement and the only way to improve judgement is to make mistakes. So the leader's main role is to control the environment where subordinates can learn to limit the damage..
A bit of folk wisdom poses a similar "which is better" question: Which would you rather be--young or old?
A young person has made fewer mistakes, but many more lie in the future; an old person has made many more mistakes, but has few in the future.....
Then, the "judgment call" can be made with possibly more opportunity for success than failure.
Mr. Wilde makes a good point. I'd prefer that the President of the United States get his/her experience before taking office.
yes.
demands of managing a more diverse workforce in a knowledge-based economy. So yes, judgement can and does trump experience in most cases..
In my view,therefore, both experience and judgment have to be combined and judgment does and should trump experience. In fact, both are insufficient and incomplete without each other..
grey zone where the path is barely visible and risks rise like flowers in April. The bottom line: are your leaders willing to allow you to make judgement calls without their permission - or even their knowledge?!
Everyone needs experience to be able to develop or hone good judgment. Nevertheless, experience from bad judgment is no guarantee that anyone will learn from their experiences and develop good judgment....
One final comment - that quotation "Good judgment comes from experience. Experience comes from poor judgment" cited by many but attributed to various sources is also sourced to the humorist Will Rodgers. Does anyone have a definitive source for this one?.
According to me, it's a 80-20 Principal.
In a rapidly changing environment the possible analogies diminuish; judgment will have to rely more and more on the values we receaved from our mother and on our willingness to make a difference..
Experience alone isn't enough, it mush be coupled by a search for honesty and a willingness to adjust that makes good judgment possible.
Go Obama.
Clearly, Wisdom over Experience anyday.
Concurring with those who stated that one's values are the underpinning of the judgments, one must also conclude that if we judge those judgements as sound, no doubt our values match their's.
And to Sam Friend .. I concur..
I define judgement as the ability to make the right choices given the circumstances at the time of the event. We often do not have all the information needed and that makes judgement and experience hard to separate. Consistent good decisions are made by the experienced and disciplined..
Any leader, no matter what their other assets may be, that misses such crucial faculties is doomed to fail.
Suriname, SA..All Entries Tagged With: "West Campus", […]
[…]Larson's Spotlight on Traveling Employee, Special Employer, Intentional Tort, and Retaliatory Discharge. Larson's surveys the latest case developments that you need to know about. Thomas A. Robinson, the staff writer for Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, has compiled the list below.
NC: Serious Injuries Caused by Employee's Attempt "to Ride" Escalator Rail at Annual Sales Meeting Found Compensable.
NC: Estate May Proceed in Tort Against "Borrowing" Entity Where Staffing Agreement Between Employment Agency and Borrowing Entity Stated that Worker Was Not Employee of Borrowing Entity
The Court of Appeals of North Carolina recently reversed an order entered by a state trial court that had dismissed, on workers' compensation exclusivity grounds, a civil action filed against a county by the estate of a deceased worker who was killed in a workplace accident at a county landfill. The worker had been supplied to the county by an employment-staffing firm under the terms of a written agreement that clearly stated the worker was not to be considered an employee of the county. The court acknowledged the general rule that when a general employer (the staffing firm) supplies a worker to a special employer (here, the county), the latter becomes liable for workers' compensation only when (a) the employee has made a contract of hire with the special employer; (b) the work being performed is essentially that of the special employer; and (c) the special employer has the right to control the details of the work. Here the appellate court agreed that the first condition was missing: there was no contract of hire between the county and the deceased employee. There was, therefore, no immunity afforded the county under the exclusive remedy doctrine.
See Gregory v. Cleveland County, 2012 N.C. App. LEXIS 1477 (Dec. 31, 2012).
See generally Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, §§ 67.02, 111.02.
OH: Worker's Intentional Tort Claim Under State's "Substantially Certain" Rule Fails-No Evidence That Employer Intended Injury in Spite of Lack of Safety Training
An Ohio appellate court has affirmed a decision of a state trial court that granted summary judgment, on exclusivity grounds, to an employer sued by an employee who suffered a partial amputation of his left thumb as the employee handled a meat-cutting band saw. Construing the statutory provision [Ohio Rev. Code § 2745.01] that allows tort actions to proceed against the employer where that employer committed the tortious act with the intent to injure another or with the belief that the injury was "substantially certain" to occur, the court held that the lack of safety training could not be stretched to bring the claim within the "substantially certain" rule.
See Simonelli v. Fligner, 2012 Ohio 6112; 2012 Ohio App. LEXIS 5276 (Dec. 26, 2012).
See generally Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, § 103.04.
MO: Under Retaliatory Discharge Statute, Aggrieved Former Employee Must Prove That the Filing of Workers' Comp Claim Was Exclusive Factor in Employer's Decision to Fire
Many states provide a remedy to a worker who can show that he or she was discharged for exercising available rights under the state's workers' compensation law [see Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, § 104.07]. Must the discharged employee show that the filing of the workers' compensation claim was the sole reason for the firing? Is it sufficient if the filing of the comp claim was a contributing cause? A Missouri appellate court recently held that the state's statute, Rev. Stat. Mo. § 287.780, requires a showing that the decision to fire was the exclusive cause of the termination.
See Templemire v. W&M Welding, Inc., 2012 Mo. App. LEXIS 1639 (Dec. 26, 2012).
See generally Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, § 104.07.
Source: Larson's Workers' Compensation Law, the nation's leading authority on workers' compensation law.
For more information about LexisNexis products and solutions connect with us through our corporate site.Ready to Play: Football Highlights from Burton, Callihan, Stacey, and More!
NASCAR Country Races into Romancelandia: Race Cars in Romance from North, Knox, and More!
First Look: Jaci Burton’s All Wound Up (August 4, 2015)
Love, Family, and Football in Jaci Burton’s Quarterback Draw
Good Things Come in Small Packages: 2014 Christmas Novellas from Shalvis, Burton, and More!
The Ties that Bind: Siblings in Romance Novels from Ashley, Roberts, Andre, and More!
Game Changers: Top 10 Hottest Jock Heroes
First Look: Jaci Burton’s Melting the Ice (February 4, 2014)
Playing for Love: Sports in Romance Novels
June 2013 Upcoming Romance Novel Releases Shopping List
First Look: Jaci Burton’s Thrown By a Curve (March 5, 2013)
March 2013 Upcoming Romance Novel Releases Shopping List!
Friday Beefcake: Romance Novel Cover Models
These past few years, I’ve had quite a few “aha” moments. Those moments when I realized my dreams were coming true: from launching my own consulting practice, to teaching in the Master’s program from which I graduated, and now working with WOMEN Unlimited ten years after completing that wonderful program. In each case, it felt like serendipity, but the truth is, I had envisioned each of them and had taken steps along my path leading me toward them.
What about your path? What is ahead for you? And specifically, where will you be in 2014? The power of vision + action is incredible. So, take a few moments to ask yourself these questions:
What would make 2014 a truly amazing year for you?
Take some time to think deeply about it. No one else can, or should, define this for you. Be open and honest with yourself. Admit those things that you are scared to wish for.
What are you doing to make that vision a reality?
What are you really doing? Not just thinking. While there are things you can’t control, they tend to work in your favor if you attend to those things you can control.
Who can help you?
We cannot be successful in a vacuum. The good news is successful people tend to enjoy helping others become successful too. Who is doing what you’d like to do? How can you learn from them or get support from them?
Taking these last couple weeks of the year to rejoice, renew and reflect on your present and the path ahead can launch your success in the new year.
All the best in 2014!
One commentGeorge Sensenbrenner, that is. It's nice to see that he has the intelligence and courage to shut down a farce, even if it's just for the weekend.
The AP article I linked concludes with:
"House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, in a statement, said the hearing was an example of Republican abuse of power and she would ask House Speaker Dennis Hastert to order an apology from Sensenbrenner."
If somebody brought Amnesty International before me, expecting me to listen to them after all the Anti-American tripe they've presented recently, I'd probobly have shown much less restraint than Sensenbrenner showed. Apology my Aunt Frances.
Maybe I can move to Wisconsin in time for his next election? I think I could vote for George Sensenbrenner at least a few times.
Added thought: if bloggers can discontinue a discussion thread because the posters are continuing off-topic, it seems to me that Sensenbrenner has shown remarkable bloggy mastery in shutting down the non-PATRIOT USA discussion of abu Ghraib and Gitmo before it went any further. That's pretty cool. Next time they do something like that, he can put up a big sign reading "OT" and move on again.
Maybe there is hope for some people in Congress.Upon entering the threshold of a university in the pursuit of a higher education, the prospective college student is seized by a storm of emotions- fear of the unknown, the sadness of parting with old friends and family, but mostly the excitement of beginning an adventure anew, of meeting new and interesting people, of challenging your own beliefs and views, of ultimately becoming the best version of yourself that you can possibly be.
But before you do all that, you have to start with the basics, right? I mean you can’t just eat a massive ice cream cake within a matter of seconds, at least not without getting a serious stomachache. You have to take it piece by piece. Spoonful by spoonful, right? The same goes for the college experience. You need to take it step by step.
So if you’ve decided to live on campus for the upcoming semester, then I’m pretty sure one of your biggest questions is roommates. What’ll they be like? Will we be best friends? Will we do fun college things together- like studying outside or going to football games or going to beery parties or playing Frisbee when the weather’s nice?
At the same turn, I’m sure you’ve been exposed to your fair share of roommate horror stories. Frenzied fights, messy move-outs, miserable miscommunication, drama with boyfriends or girlfriends, on and on and on. So what’s a clueless freshman to do?
Which end of the spectrum will you fall on? Best friends or mortal enemies? Will we be exchanging warm embraces of friendship and brotherly/sisterly love or engaged in furious combat, with our teeth bared and fists flying?
Now what if I told you that the most realistic option is somewhere in between? That you very well could end up rooming with your next best friend or mortal enemy, but there’s an 80% chance that you’ll be in neutral territory?
If your roommate is a normal, respectable human being with reasonable needs and expectations (which they most likely are), then chances are good that you’ll strike some sort of balance. If you’re an early bird, she’ll turn out the lights when you’re asleep, and the next morning you’ll pay her back by being as quiet as you can as you get ready for the day ahead.
But if the uncertainty of random roommate selection absolutely drives you insane, you might be tempted to room with a friend. I know I was.
Maybe you could avoid the unpleasant surprises, the boyfriend/girlfriend who drops in and never seems to leave, the possibility of being sexiled, the passive aggressive sticky notes plastered around the room. Maybe rooming with someone you know is a safe and smart choice. Hey, it should be totally be in your comfort zone and you have a good idea of what you’re getting into. But would I recommend it myself? Not particularly.
But wait, Anusha. You’ve just listed all of these terrible things that might come to pass if I don’t room with a friend. How could you possibly be in favor of plunging into the unknown?To diving into the abyss?
To these intelligent inquiries, I say yes this is true. But is it not also true that every action merits some degree of risk? Even if you were to strive to avoid the possible repercussions of rooming with a stranger, you’d still have the risk of discovering some crazy quirk of your rooming buddy that drives you crazy! What if they wake up at an odd hour of the night to do their salt water gargling to maintain their oral hygiene? What if they scream vengefully at their computer screen when working on different assignments? What if they like leaving the AC on at full blast mid-December while keeping the window open and turning the fan on?
All of the craziness of rooming with someone aside, choosing to live with someone you don’t know pushes you out of your comfort zone. It gives you the opportunity to discover how to communicate effectively with someone new, to understand what being a considerate roommate is, to learn how to compromise but not to subdue your own needs.
And even if you and your roommate don’t end up being the best of friends, what about your floormates? Those fine individuals who might not share a room with you but are just a few doors down the hall? Just think about how close you guys might become! From cookie-filled movie nights, to yoga classes, to random tea parties in the lounges, to countless trips to the diner, who knows? Your best friends might just be right outside the confines of your room! All because you took that first step into oblivion.
3 thoughts on “The First Step into Oblivion”
Once you realize the uncertainties and possibilities – which you do capably, then you accept the openness and uncertainty of things. So jump in and get your feet wet. And walk out with a degree or two. Best of luck!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much! My thoughts exactly! Everything is risky to some extent, so why not just go for it?
That’s right. And keep your eyes open. 🙂The AFRICA FOODSTUFF IMPORTERS of all kinds of foodstuff items.
The AFRICA FOODSTUFF IMPORTERS DIRECTORY is a must for export-oriented enterprises looking for business partners in the lucrative markets of Africa – one of the fastest growing markets for for all kinds of foodstuff. This e-mail database of importers of foodstuff in Africa will help you connect with importers of foodstuff in Africa and help you improve your exports to the African markets.
There is a great demand for foodstuff among importers in the African market. Download the Africa Foodstuff Importers Directory and contact your target audience in Africa, potential buyers in Africa and promote your products in the booming new and emerging markets in Africa.
Included in Africa Foodstuff Importers.To increase the beauty and attraction of homes, area rugs are widely used. Most of the time the use of area rugs is for decorations and sometimes it is for filtering the dust from feet. People are free to use according to their desires. The must thing for area rugs is to give them proper attention and regular area rug cleaning. This is because they are more sensitive than upholstery items and carpets. Their fibers are more delicate and sensitive. For the professional area rug cleaning services, we are the best available option whole Tustin. Our professional crew completely understands the nature of the area rugs.
It is necessary to have complete information on the nature of rugs because rugs are available in many different types like carpets. The issues they face are also of different types. Some of them fade their color, some of them gets shrink and some of them lose their shape after cleaning. To counter all these issues our area rug cleaners are experts.
Most of the people in Tustin trust our area rug cleaning services and prefer on other cleaning services. Furthermore, our experts are not professional in cleaning but they are also fast in working and their jobs in time. Our area rug cleaning services in Tustin gets the best results everytime.
Area rug cleaning services in Tustin are necessary
Most of the people draw their attention towards their area rugs when the rugs get to their worst conditions. This must not happen. People.
Area rug cleaning is also useful for your health
Everyone knows the importance of good health and health is always depending upon the cleanliness of the environment and surroundings. That is why you need to clean your area rugs regularly or it can effect directly or indirectly. Use of area rugs as dust filter is very common and dust carry many germs and bacteria in it. People usually vacuum their rugs as area rug cleaning but that is not enough. It can remove dust and dirt but germs and bacteria stay inside the surface.
That is why we keep in mind about the health factor in our area rug cleaning services. We not only do power vacuuming but also apply antibacterial agents during washing. The soaps and detergents we use are also of best quality which serve our purpose mostly reliably.
Continuous traffic make area rugs weak
Area rugs suffer feet traffic throughout the day. This means their placing is in the walking places or entrances or exits of the rooms or the buildings and homes. Such type of rugs require periodic and regular cleaning because they contain more dirt and dust. Our area rug cleaning proves to be the best to fit in this situation. This is because we know how to adjust according to the requirement. To get the quality results we use most appropriate methods in our area rug cleaning services.
Use of best equipment in area rug cleaning
In Tustin, we use the state of the art equipment in our are rug cleaning services. These area rug cleaning equipments are the best available equipments in whole market of Tustin. These are specially designed for deep area rug cleaning. Our professionals also have exact knowledge of handling these equipments and getting best outputs out it.
For further information on area rug cleaning services in Tustin, please contact us now.For more info and prices, please visit stugorihundfjallet.se
Two high class timber cottages, top location by Hundfjället.
During summer the Sälenfjällen offer fantastic nature, hiking trails, mountain bike tracks, fishing, swimming and golf.
Cottage 60m², two bedrooms, 6+2 berths (1week, 2weeks, sofa bed).
Cooker/oven, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, micro, coffee percolator, toaster, fireplace heating stove, TV(Canal Digital), shower/WC, sauna, drying cabinet, engine warmer socket, ski shed, wood shed.
Please note that smoking and/or pets are not permitted.
Distance to ski lift: 1,5km, ski tracks: 200 metres, ski bus 75 metres.
Sälen Hundfjället Tandådalen
Maps: View the accommodation address and position on Hitta.se or Google Maps
The person responsible for the content of this ad and for the rental of this accomodation is Fredrik Svensson.
A piece of advice to tenants when booking
Have you rented this holiday home and are happy with your stay? Then please help us and new tenants byWe’re sorry, but this property isn’t taking reservations on our site right now. Don’t worry, you can find tons of other nearby properties right here.
Paramount Hotel
328, Mansfield Road, Nottingham, NG5 2EF, United Kingdom –
Property surroundings –
Closest airports
- East Midlands Airport 12.2 miles
- Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield 35.2 miles
- Birmingham Airport 43.3 miles
Thank you for your time
Your feedback will help us improve this feature for all of our customersClose
4 reasons to choose Paramount Hotel
Why book with us
Prices you can't beat!
Manage your bookings online
They speak 4 languages
Booking is safe
Facilities of Paramount Hotel
Most popular facilities
Food & Drink
- Breakfast options
- Special diet menus (on request)
- Restaurant (à la carte)
- Bar
Services
- Airport shuttle (additional charge)
- ATM/cash machine on site
- Luggage storage
- Gift shop
- Barber/beauty shop
- 24-hour front desk
General
- Mini-market on site
- Non-smoking throughout
- Shops (on site)
- Heating
- Safety deposit box
- Family rooms
- Non-smoking rooms
Languages spoken
- Polish
- Greek
- Arabic
Thanks for your help!
Your thoughts help us figure out what kind of information we should be asking properties for.Back to propertyMet Sharifah Eja (the actress) in Mid Valley Megamall last Monday. The moment my wife saw her she insisted to talk to her, to shake her hand, to see her, face to face. Eja’s such a down to earth kinda person. Very courteous. Very humble.
My wife gets tongue-tied the whole session with Eja. When asked by me why she’s been acting like that (my wife’s quite outspoken in person), she said that she’s been mesmerized by Eja’s beauty.
“Now, I don’t think I want to wash my hand.”
“Why??”
“I just shook Eja’s hand.”
“Okay.”
My wife doesn’t want to wash her hand, that’s new.If you have any comments, concerns, or just want to drop us us a note, please complete the form below.
Have a question?
For answers to common question about our products, company, or other topics, please check out our FAQ page before contacting us.
Want to chat?
If you have an urgent issue and want to chat with us directly, please call 877.293.7861 or email info@thegrayl.com.
Join us online!
Let's be social! Connect with us online for photos, news, updates, articles, and more!Virginia test of tablet-based balloting with Microsoft and Democracy Live
BY Democracy Live IN Tablets On November 6, 2012
article:.”
5 years ago / Comments Off on Virginia test of tablet-based balloting with Microsoft and Democracy Live
NoStore Policies
Shipping Costs
Free Shipping with the purchase of 2 or more collars! Shipping is only $3.99 for a single collar
International Shipping Policy
Contact us at Sales@DavisMfg.com for International orders. Extra shipping charges may apply.
30 Day Guarantee
We have a “no questions asked” 30-day guarantee on all collar purchases. See below for details.
Returns
If you are not satisfied within the 30 day purchase period please contact Customer Service at Sales@DavisMfg.com including your name and order number for a Return Authorization Number. Once received, simply mail in your collar with the RA number clearly visible to receive a refund.Cross posted by Findalis from Monkey in the Middle
By Anav Silverman – Sderot Media Center
In a unique show of solidarity, a delegation of 70 Italians, including 24 members of the Italian Parliament visited Sderot this past Monday, December 8. The Italian delegation brought with them a copy of a letter, written by members of the Italian Parliament, addressed to Gilad Schalit, the IDF solider captured two years ago who remains in the hands of Hamas in Gaza.
In a press conference facilitated by Sderot Media Center, the Italian delegation, which included members from various Italian political parties, presented the letter to a representative of the Schalit family, Medi Cohen. Rossana Boldi, President of the Committee on European Affairs, and acting as representative of the group, stated that the letter had been signed by many important members of the Italian Parliament in the hopes of getting the International Red Cross in Rome to hand the letter to Gilad Schalit.
Boldi cited during the press conference that the International Red Cross had not paid one visit to Gilad Schalit since his capture, and continues to ignore the plight of Sderot residents living under Palestinian rocket fire.
“Israel has a right to exist in security,” said Boldi, “and Gilad Schlit has every right to return home.”
Medi Cohen, speaking on behalf of the Schalit family, responded by stating that a week previously she and other Gilad Schalit supporters protested in front of the Shikma Prison in Ashkelon, which houses Hamas terrorists. “You could see Palestinian mothers freely entering the prison to visit their imprisoned sons. These Hamas terrorists are treated fairly and according to international law–they receive free medical treatment and proper care from Israeli authorities,” said Cohen. “Gilad on the other hand, has been denied everything. Hamas prevents any form of communication with Gilad from the outside word. Gilad has not been allowed to even speak with his family for two years,” said Cohen bitterly.
David Bouskilla, Sderot’s recently elected mayor was also present at the press conference and warmly welcomed the Italian delegation to Sderot. “The city of Sderot has strong ties with the Italian community,” Bouskilla stated. When Bouskilla was mayor of Sderot eight years ago, he oversaw the building of the only rocket-protected theater in the entire Negev which was funded partly by the Italian Keren Hayesod.
Mayor Bouskilla also added that Sderot residents have been standing alone in the face of continuing Palestinian rockets. “Our children and families are forced to sit and accept this situation, as rockets continue to hit our homes, properties, playgrounds and schools,” said Bouskilla. “It is more important than ever to have the support of the international community, especially from a country like Italy” he told the Italian delegation.
Indeed, it was both encouraging and inspiring to see the concern exhibited by the Italian government officials for Sderot civilians in light of the 200 or more Qassam rockets that have been fired against Sderot and the Negev since early November. During the brief stop at the Sderot police station, where hundreds of Qassam rockets are stored away, the Italian delegation expressed their shock at the way life in Sderot has dramatically altered due to the terror generated by Palestinian rocket fire. “It is disturbing to think how Israeli children must live in this kind of reality,” said one Italian official.
In the scheme of world affairs, Sderot children at least have a few friends back in the Italian Parliament.
From Monkey in the Middle:
It is nice to see that the Children of Sderot have a few friends in the world since they have none in the Olmert government. No matter how they plea and cry, Olmert will not even try to stop the rocket attacks that have been occurring daily for the past 8 years.
But you can help. Write your Representatives in Congress demanding that the US do something to force the end to these attacks. Write your Senator. And you can give a small donation to the Sderot Media Center. You can give a child of Sderot a little Christmas/Hanukkah gift. It would be a nice gesture in support.
Filed under: Gaza, Hamas, Italiian Parliament, rockets, Sderot, Sderot Media Center, Western Negev | Comments Off on Italian MPs Show Solidarity in Sderot
Northwestern Routs UNC for 21-7 for 5th Consecutive NCAA Title.
The Wildcats celebrates their championship with their well-earned trophy. The Northwestern Wildcats routes the North Carolina Tar Heels 21-7 to capture their 5th consecutive National Championship at Johnny Unitas Stadium on May 24, 2009. Yuchen Nie/DC Sports Box
TOWSON, MD--Before the season even started, Hannah Nielsen, Northwestern’s star senior midfielder, joked with her teammates that the only thing that these seniors haven’t done in their star-studded career was to go undefeated. During the season though, the idea that they would go undefeated stayed strong with the team despite facing major obstacles, one of which included attack/midfielder Hilary Bowen tearing her ACL a little over a month ago. Rather than calling it quits for the rest of the season, Bowen, one of the best finishers in the country, wrapped her knee with bandages and a custom brace for every game and finished with five goals in the championship game.
In the semi-final game against Penn, the Wildcats struggled with shooting the ball and allowed the Penn Quakers to come back and tie it before the end of regulation. Then, if it were not for Katrina Dowd’s behind-the-back goal with less than a second remaining, the Wildcats may have never had a chance to reach the finals. This game however, the Wildcats focused on taking quality shots and implementing their full-field pressure defense.
Northwestern got off to a quick start by scoring two goals from Hilary Bowen and Mary Kate Casey to go up 2-0 in under three minutes. Then after four minutes of play, Megan Bosica drew a penalty within the 8-meter for a free-position shot. Bosica converted only to have Danielle Spencer slash through the Carolina defense minutes later to put Northwestern up by two goals.
On the ensuing draw, Danielle Spencer used their height advantage to snatch the ball out of the air and quickly dished it to Brooke Matthews, who is the fastest person on Northwestern’s squad. Matthews took less than 12 seconds to run from midfield to the opposing goal and fired a shot past Carolina goalie Logan Ripely to put the Wildcats up three. However, on the next possession, Cory Donohue would score on a free-position shot to cut the lead to two. Just when Carolina seem to have gotten comfortable with their opponent, the Tar Heels suddenly collapsed allowing Northwestern to go on a ridiculous 10-goal run in the last twenty minutes of the first half to put the game away. Carolina had absolutely no response to the onslaught of goals and struggled to even keep their heads up to fight off the frustration.
During this run, most of the goals scored were either done by dodging to the goal or Hannah Nielsen feeding from behind the net to one of their cutters. In fact, Hannah Nielsen would finish with no goals, but an eye-popping six assists as the Northwestern squad lit up the stats sheet. Also, the most impressive fact with the Wildcat’s first half run was that they scored 15 goals on only 17 shots meaning that almost all their shots were at point-blank range right in front of the cage.
In the second half, Northwestern continued their dominance by scoring the first four goals including two unassisted goals from Danielle Spencer. Spencer, who is listed at 6-2, used her size and surprising quickness to muscle her way to the cage, and she finished with four goals (all of them were unassisted) and an assist.
Finally, with the last 15 minutes of the game, Coach Hiller eased the offensive pressure and elected to play a game of keep-away for the remaining minutes under mercy-rule.
With this win, Northwestern wins their fifth consecutive national championship making them the second team in history to win five straight, and only two more short of Maryland’s seven-year championship record. Also, Coach Hiller has a winning percentage well above 95% giving her the NCAA record for the highest postseason winning percentage.Event Details
The Psychedelic State is a seminar series hosted by Daniel Greig, a student of Cognitive Science and Philosophy at the University of Toronto. Covering a diverse range of topics including but not limited to neuroscience, psychology, history and philosophy, this series intends to communicate the findings of the ongoing psychedelic research renaissance to the general community with an emphasis on practical knowledge to help the human being grapple with the problems of embodied existence.
Microdosing
The phenomenon of microdosing with psychedelic compounds such as Psilocybin and LSD is growing in the public consciousness. It's not uncommon to see news articles about silicon valley CEOs boosting their creativity and making millions through this method of psychedelic use, or to hear claims about the general cognitive enhancing properties that it can have. What is often neglected is that there have been no controlled studies that give us accurate and reliable information about how microdosing works and what it might work for.
This seminar will integrate the findings from recent brain imaging and psychological research studies on psilocybin and LSD to provide a thorough discussion of the plausible mechanisms at work in microdosing. This will enable more effective engagement with microdosing regimens for those who choose to and eliminate some of the mystique surrounding the phenomenon. Some of the things we will discuss include insight problem solving, flow states, executive function and the influence of unconscious automaticity in structuring your every day experience.
This event is hosted by the Canadian Students for Sensible Drug Policy - CSSDP to raise funds for the organization’s continued efforts.
For further inquiries about the event or volunteering opportunities please email toronto@cssdp.org
You can also visit our fb event page to keep yourself up to date with any changes that may occur.
*-*-*- DISCLAIMER -*-*-*
CSSDP - U of T Chapter.
When & Where
15 King's College Cir (UC 161)
15 King's College Circle
Toronto,
ON M5S 3J3
Canada
Thursday, 24 August 2017 from 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM (EDT)
Add to my calendar
Share The Psychedelic State - MicrodosingShare TweetWe were on the May 9th sailing on the Freedom (8 night Western) out of Fort Lauderdale. This sailing normally goes to Mexico, Costa Rica, and Panama, but our itinerary got switched to Panama, Costa Rica, and Belize because of the H1N1 virus.
May 8th – Wee hours of the morning… we’re off to the local airport to catch our flight away from Florida (we have to fly west from the east coast of Canada first to a major airport before we can catch flights to other major centers) so our trip can get started… we arrive in Fort Lauderdale mid afternoon, luggage in hand… this was our 5 year anniversary trip, so we splurged on a balcony cabin on the ship and executive class flights… going to have a hard time flying cattle class again now!
In Fort Lauderdale, we stayed at the Hampton Inn Plantation… the rate was just over $100 for the night and included a free shuttle from the airport to the hotel (we called from FLL and they were there to get us within 20 mins – took about 15-20 mins to get to the hotel) and again to the port in the morning (we booked it the day we arrived at the hotel for the next morning at 11am – we were the only people using the shuttle – took about 15-20 mins again)… The staff was very friendly and helpful. We didn’t want to get into much of anything in Fort Lauderdale, so we had some supper, wandered around a mall that’s pretty much across the street from the hotel, and called it a night… all in all, an uneventful day
May 9th – we checked in with home (hotel has free Internet in a small room off the lobby) and got our shuttle to the port. We were unloaded, bags in the yellow metal bins, and in the line to board by 11:30. This is only my second cruise and my husband’s first, but embarkation seemed pretty smooth. It took about an hour and a half (longer than Tampa, but it’s a larger ship) We had to fill out a health questionnaire due to H1N1 concerns, but it was only a couple of questions. We were on-board eating on the Lido by 1:00 ish. Cabins were ready by 1:30 (we had #6316 midship), and when we came down
from the Lido buffet, one piece of our luggage was already outside of our room. The second piece came a couple of hours later and they knocked on the door when they dropped it off.
The only ship I can compare anything to so far is the Legend, so quickly here’s some differences I noticed. Either we had the quietest neighbours ever on the Legend, since we never heard a peep from either side on that ship), or the walls on the Freedom are MUCH thinner. This isn’t something that bothered us really, but in our cabin specifically you could definitely hear the neighbours… on one side they liked to watch a lot of tv, and on the other side, we’re quite sure that couple was on their honeymoon, or were treating the cruise like one at all hours of the day (I’m sure you’ll understand what I mean)… we could definitely hear other people on their balconies… from inside our cabin and on the balcony… The door to our balcony, as well as the metal casing for the lights that go around most of the top of the room also rattled… but I found that I could feel this ship moving more than I could on the Legend as well, so that accounts for some of the rattling… anyways, back to the review 🙂
Muster drill was quite a to-do on this ship, and it seemed to take quite a long time… I realize there’s a lot of passengers, but it seems on this ship, a really large percentage of them were already too wasted to be able to make it to the drill in a timely fashion… and we must have been lined up 10 rows deep… it was incredibly hot, and since we got there fairly early and were back towards the wall… we were really wanting it to end sooner rather than later… they also made the announcements in a lot more languages than seemed necessary, but I guess that’s important in the grand scheme of things… the biggest complaint from pax was that we started to sail away during muster… didn’t make a difference to me, but many seemed very concerned about this…
After muster, we watched the rest of the sailaway from our balcony with some drinks… we opted for early dinner (I had tried late before and wanted to give it a go since we’re early eaters… but I think I’ll go back to late in the future)… our table was on the second floor of the posh dining room, right as you come in the doors on the right… We had Dante and Andreas as our servers… they were great the entire week, and they dealt with just our table and one other table… we were seated with 3 other couples from Canada, so it was nice that Carnival seemed to find something in common with people when seating them together, but as nice as they all were, they were quite a lot older than us and at times we found it hard to stay interested or involved in the conversations… throughout the week they all missed/skipped dinners at different times, so it got a little easier to chat with a smaller group… Something I liked on this cruise that the Legend didn’t do was that we had the same bar waiter come to our table every night on the Freedom… I Wayan – he was excellent, and quickly became our favorite on the entire ship. He always made sure my husband had his Heinekin, so he was happy… and he always seemed to be working where we were hanging out…
which completely wasn’t planned, but it certainly was appreciated.
After dinner, we explored a bit, but we were too tired to do much of anything and we watched a movie and called it an early night…
May 10th and 11th – Fun Days at Sea – We discovered very quickly on this trip that neither of us much care for eating at buffets (not that we didn’t know that going in), so we ate breakfast in the dining room everyday but once (I’ll go on about the buffets later). It’s the same menu every day, but if you ask for something specific, they can usually handle it. We ate at a table for 8 or 10 this morning, and had no issues with any of our tablemates. We spent most of today lounging around, exploring the ship, etc. We played a few games of trivia or whatever if we happened to be in the place where it was being held when it was being held, but we didn’t go looking for it. There was a cooking demonstration at the supper club, so we went to see that… it was kind of interesting, and we got to test out the different foods. We also watched some ice carving on the Lido deck by the pool.
After dinner, we checked out the Ticket To Ride show in the Victoriana Lounge. I thought they did a good job with it considering it’s a show on a cruise ship. I wouldn’t rush to watch it again, but it was fine. I thought the male singer for the shows was quite good, but the female singer was frequently singing songs that just didn’t suit her voice at all. But they both certainly did better than I could do 🙂
We ate in the dining room again this morning and had a horrible experience being seated with an INCREDIBLY RUDE couple, and 2 other slightly less rude couples. They ignored us completely when we first arrived, which is fine… I have no problem sitting and just chatting with my husband… except that the rude man had decided to store most of his personal items on the table in the area where my plate should go. And since he was sitting with his back to me (again, rude), it wasn’t easy to get his attention to get him to move them. They eventually did turn around and speak to us briefly, but we ate as quickly as possible to get out of there. We asked for tables for two for most of the rest of the week. That didn’t put any kind of damper on our fun though. The weather was hot and beautiful still, so we spent another day exploring, lounging, reading, drinking etc. We didn’t participate in any ship activities today, but did go to whatever show it was that night …. I’m writing this without the capers handy (I brought them home, so if you have questions – just let me know), so forgive me if I mix days up…
May 12th – Panama – We booked all of our excursions through Carnival out of sheer laziness for this cruise. My husband and I are well travelled enough that we would generally prefer to do things on our own. We did the Grand Tour in Panama. There was about 2 buses of people on the tour. We drove directly to a resort where we boarded the boats to go to the Embira village. The problem with Carnival tours is that you spend at least 1-2 hours waiting for people to go to the bathroom. The village was really interesting – we got to see where they lived, hear about their history, see their handicrafts, watch and participate in a cultural dance. I would have liked to stay here a lot longer, but without all the rest of the people on the tour. The people who were sitting beside us complained the whole time while the chief and the translator were talking. After that, back on the buses to go to the see the Panama Canal. We were there, so we might as well see it right? We got to watch a couple of ships come through the Gatun Locks. Neat to see, but locks are locks are locks pretty much. I wouldn’t rush to do this excursion again, but we had a good time. Overall, if you’re an independent traveler type and like to do and see as much as possible while travelling, this is not the excursion for you. If you want to see a few different sights, don’t want anything too strenuous, and don’t want to worry about getting lost, arranging your own travel, or missing the ship – this would be fine.
When we got back to the ship, we were told our excursion to see a coffee bean plantation the next day had been cancelled due to lack of interest, so we had to book something else. So this was the two excursions we wanted to do the most cancelled… the other was a Mexican cooking class in Mexico… but that’s fine, Belize is a beautiful country too.
May 13th – Costa Rica – As we were eating breakfast, the CD announced that there would be a bit of a hold up as the Costa Rican gov’t hadn’t decided yet if it was going to let anyone off the ship due to the H1N1 scare. We all had to return to our cabins and fill out a health survey before it was later decided we could debark…. So there was a lot of waiting around in the stair cases with people complaining.
Instead of the coffee bean tour, we ended up doing one called “Nature and Traditions”. It was FANTASTIC. The best part of the entire cruise, and I’m so happy we ended up with it. There was only 10 people on the tour, it was pretty off the beaten path for a ship excursion, and it lasted pretty much the whole day. I forget our guides name – I think it may have been Eric – but he was quite good. He didn’t have much of a sense of humour, which is always nice, but he really knows about his country and he appears to love it a great deal. It was about 45 minutes to the location of the tour (Bocuare Haven)… it was a beautiful hot sunny day (even though it has been raining for days before we got there, and was supposed to be raining when we got there)… we spent several hours walking through the rain forest, and the guides (a second guide who only spoke Spanish – Santiago – joined up once we got there), and the guides pointed out different plants and animals and that kind of thing. We stopped for a break at a nice open spot with neat wooden tables and hammocks and stuff, and had some fresh fruit juice – soooo good. We got to squish the juice out of sugarcane and try that… Santiago picked some fresh pineapple for us to try…
there was cashews (and their fruits) etc. We learned to make our own tortillas and had a little snack with that. Then they fed us chicken, rice and beans, and fried plantains, more fresh juice (pineapple coconut I believe) and desert. Great tour – highly recommend. Lots of walking though, in case that matters.
May 14th – Fun Day at Sea – Sometime during the night someone living higher up the ship than us got sick over the side of their balcony, so that wasn’t a very nice surprise in the morning. We told our steward about it on the way to breakfast and he had it cleaned up for us. More relaxing… we mostly lazed around and read/drank all day. If there was a show this night, we likely went to it (in all, we went to the three music shows, 2 comedians – one good, one horrible – and a ventriloquist… we skipped the two shows where it was other guests performing… we had had enough of the theatre by then)
May 15th – Belize – I was to Belize on the Legend and we did a private tour that immediately took us away from Belize City to the ruins at Lamanai and that got us back in time for one of the last tenders, so I didn’t see much of the city that time. So this time, we opted to do the City Tour and Zoo … we had to pick this excursion on the ship since our itinerary changed the week before we left (this can be easily done from your room on the tv and your room steward will leave your tickets for you). Had we known the City Tour part of this was driving around in a bus and NEVER getting off, we wouldn’t have done this one. The zoo was fine, and it was more of an animal sanctuary/rehabilitation center than a zoo, but we didn’t get to stay there nearly long enough. Lots of interesting animals we don’t have in Canada though (including neat little rodent-like creatures that like to wipe perfume on their tails), and the guide was fine. Our bus blew a tire on the way there, so it was slower going than it would have been normally. Once we got back to the port, we skipped all of the stuff stores and had lunch and some local beer.
May 16th – Fun Day at Sea – More relaxing. We didn’t go to the Legends show because we just weren’t all that interested in seeing other passengers perform… and we’d had enough of shows and were loving the Piano bar at this point. Vince was fantastic and we spent a lot of the second half of the week in there… Luggage had to be outside your rooms by 11:00 PM if you were having it picked up. Liquor bought on board was delivered to your room that night as well, so you could pack it or whatever.
May 17th – Debarkation was a breeze. We had an early flight out of FLL, so we requested zone #2. We were off the ship and at the airport ($11 taxi for two people and luggage) by about 8:30… which was about an hour before the Air Canada counter even opened. We were checked in, but had to wait for someone to show up there so we could check our luggage. Flight was late unloading at FLL, we were late leaving, we mostly made up the time in the air, but then it took about an hour for our luggage to come off that flight to the carousel so we could take it through customs… which means we missed our next flight (though we originally had about 2 hours to connect),
and we had to wait around in the Toronto airport for an extra four hours. We eventually made it home around midnight our time. Flying out of FLL was neat since we could see the ship at the port.
General observations and that kind of thing:
I haven’t gone into detail about what we had for every meal, since I just can’t remember all of it… but we both found the food to be very good. While not on vacation, we only eat fresh food made from scratch and we try to eat as local as possible, but we didn’t find the cruise food bothered us at all, even though it would have a lot more salt, etc. than we would normally eat. The menu was just about identical to the menu on the Legend in January of this year (I suspect they are pretty much the same fleet wide), and we always found there was plenty of choices. The chili rellenos was delicious, as was the lasagna. My husband really liked the lobster. The bitter and blanc is my favorite desert, followed by cappuccino pie, so I was happy to see both of those on there.
I don’t mean to sound cruel here, but there seemed to be A LOT (easily over 100) of people who cut the lines during embarkation because they claimed to NEED wheel chairs, but then those people didn’t need the wheel chairs on board… they had no problems standing in long buffet lines, cutting into lines in front of other passengers who had patiently waited their turns, etc. I’m sure some of these people genuinely needed assistance getting on board, and that’s fine… but I’m not convinced all of them did. Again, this isn’t something that really affects my cruise, but we did find it interesting. Once on board, we only saw 2 wheelchairs in use, 2 motorized scooter/chair things, and a few people with walkers…
The way a lot of the food is laid out on lido is a bit of a mess. The few times we ate there, the food was fine… but it generally took some doing to find an empty table, to get through the lines, etc. It breaks my heart how much food gets wasted (not just at the buffet) when people take some of everything knowing full well they won’t eat it… I don’t care how much anyone eats, especially while on vacation… but I hate to see so much of it thrown into the trash.
Chair hogs – it depended on the day for this one. We spent most of our time on deck 11 where we could sit out under a bit of shade, and for the most part, we were able to find two chairs together up there when we wanted them. Down around the pool and with all the chairs facing the big screen, I suspect it wasn’t very easy. Every time we walked by, it looked pretty packed, but I didn’t really notice how many chairs had stuff but no people because we had no intention of staying down there.
Shopping – we don’t shop. We bought one paperback book in the gift shop on the ship because my husband read his book too quickly (there wasn’t much selection on board, so plan accordingly if you’re a big reader). We didn’t shop in the ports really either. We maybe spent $50 total in all three ports, and that’s including 3 bags of coffee from Costa Rica. Panama and Belize have little touristy shopping villages right when you get off the ship. Costa Rica doesn’t really – there was a fenced in area right outside the port you could go to though… we didn’t check it out at all. In Panama, there’s a grocery store in that shopping area though, and beer is ridiculously cheap (maybe $2 USD for a 6 pack of their local beer). We did try the local beer in Panama and Belize and both were fine.
Entertainment – the CD Todd was fine. We didn’t find that he made too many announcements (we could hear ALL announcements from our room, not just the ones that we should have been able to hear from the room), but the cruise director doesn’t matter all that much to me to be honest. He was fine starting and closing shows and all that. His assistant James was
fine as well. They had a morning show they played on the big screen (and replayed on tv) everyday telling you about what was going on and that kind of thing. I’ve already mentioned the shows above. We didn’t have much interaction with any of the entertainment staff.
Casino/Spa/Fitness Room/Pools/Hot Tubs/Laundry/Dance Club/Photos – We didn’t use/visit any of these, so I don’t really have much to add here. The casino didn’t seem as smoky as the one on the Legend, though I really wish Carnival would recognize the fact that there are a lot of non smokers in the world, and we don’t love having to walk through smoky areas to get to other parts of the ship. Overall, I didn’t find this ship bad for smokers though. I think we succeeded in not having our picture taken the entire cruise, except for once for our Sign & Sail cards. We know we won’t buy any of them, so we skipped them all the time. It was a bit annoying that they set up so many picture taking areas though (especially the ones that blocked off the best seating
areas). I understand the business logic behind it, but it’s still annoying,
Library/Internet/Coffee – I’m not entirely sure why the ships have libraries… I’ve never actually seen people in them on two sailings on two ships. The Internet room (my husband needed sports scores during the hockey playoffs 🙂 was in the back corner of the Havana Bar (cigar bar) so again we had to go through a smoky place to get to something we wanted to use. We bought a few cups of coffee. The coffee at the café places is slightly better than the free coffee, but only slightly. I’m a coffee snob though and drink it really strong, so I mostly just don’t drink coffee on board.
Live Music – this was something the Freedom definitely did better than the Legend. There was live music going on in several locations of the ship most of the day. Our favorites were Milos (piano near the Atrium bar) and Vince (piano bar). The piano bar was really nice, and Vince was fantastic. On the Legend, it was too smokey and the piano player was horrible. Vince was excellent, there was no smoking right at the piano, he knew a great deal of songs (not just the typical piano songs) so he could handle a lot of requests. We spent at least a few hours in there a couple of nights on this cruise, and there was generally a younger crowd, which we loved. There was another guy who played acoustic guitar – we saw him in the International Lounge and in the lobby, and he was excellent as well.
Parties/Movies – there were three parties on Lido for this sailing, and we avoided them all. I think one was latin
music, one was a new year’s/mardi gras type thing, and one was a family-friendly one that has something to do with that Carnival colors thing they’ve been doing. There were movies most every night on the big screen on the lido (and for the most part, they were available on the tv in the cabins the next day)… most times there were two showings of the movie.
Pursers/Shore Excursions/Loyalty desks – We didn’t have any dealings with the Shore Excursions desk, but if it was open, there always seemed to be a line there. We didn’t deal with the Purser’s Desk at all either, but again there was just about always a line. We did buy a $100 certificate towards another cruise (to get $50-$200 OBC on that same cruise depending on the length). It was supposed to be delivered to our room the night before debarkation, and it never showed up. They woke someone up out of bed the morning of debarkation and she took care of it for us before 8:00 am which was great… though it was just delivered to the wrong room during the night we think, because the purser’s desk called and said there was a copy of it waiting for us there just after we got the new copy.
Staff – We thought the staff on the ship was great. Our room steward was Yustinus and he was fantastic. He learned our schedule from the first day, and we barely saw him, except in the hallways after that. We didn’t have much for requests, but the two we did were dealt with super quickly. The staff around the ship was super friendly and always greeted us in passing. Several of them learned our names. While I may occasionally make a snarky comment about a rude passenger, I’ve never had a problem with the staff. I think they are fantastic.
Décor – I know Carnival ships are pretty over the top, but this one was pretty bad I thought. Nothing ever went together, and the only thing I recall thinking was ok was inside International and Victoria lounges, and I liked some of the granite looking substance that was on some of the floors, bar tops, and table tops. But in the grand scheme of things, this doesn’t matter. Our cabin looked like a typical Carnival balcony cabin and was pretty much the same as on the Legend.
I brought the capers and a bar menu home with me, so I’m happy to answer any questions that I can… so fire away if you have any.UNITED NATIONS, March 26 -- A Chinese envoy on Wednesday called on the international community to help post- conflict countries address root causes of clashes, particularly economic and social underdevelopment.
Liu Jieyi, China's permanent representative to the United Nations, made the remarks at a plenary meeting of the UN General Assembly (UNGA) on the Peacebuilding Commission (PBC).
"To speed up economic recovery and development is the basis for peacebuilding," Liu told the UNGA. "Economic and social underdevelopment is the root cause of conflict."
He noted that many post-conflict countries and regions face multiple challenges in economic and infrastructure reconstruction, poverty elimination, employment and social security.
"The international community should therefore focus on mobilizing resources and honor its commitment of assistance in a timely fashion, so as to help those countries achieve speedy economic recovery and reconstruction," Liu said.
Only when people can enjoy the "peace dividend" will there be a solid basis for the peace process as well as for the post-conflict peacebuilding, Liu reckoned.
He also underlined that post-conflict countries bear the primary responsibility for their own peacebuilding.
"All our histories are different; all our specific circumstances are different," Liu said. "Therefore, the international community should respect the ownership and the will of the countries concerned, and help them draw up their integrated peacebuilding strategy based on their own conditions."
The Chinese diplomat also stressed the importance of strengthening coordination and cooperation in post-conflict peacebuilding efforts, adding that the United Nations and the PBC should continue to play a coordinative role in such efforts.
"The United Nations should seek to establish a stable relationship, or coordination, with other international partners. At the same time, it is important to bring into play the unique advantages of regional organizations, including the African Union, and subregional organizations in that respect," Liu said. " Together with the international community, China is willing to continue playing a positive role in helping post-conflict countries in achieving durable peace and sustainable development."
Established by the UN Security Council and the General Assembly in 2005, the PBC is an inter-government advisory body, tasked with recommending strategies for post-conflict peacebuilding and recovery efforts throughout the world.
Day|Week|MonthHowdy, I was trying to edit a couple of the error messages that Mailman send out - especially the "invalid email" when you sign up on the web page. I can find the strings in the source and change them, but they seem to be cached somewhere. Is this something easy to do, or do I have to be a Python expert? - H Harold Paulson Sierra Web Design haroldp at sierraweb.com VOICE: 775.833.9500 FAX: 810.314.1517Run.
READER COMMENTS (
)The charms of San Luis Potosi are more subtle than those of many other cities in Mexico, but there are charms nonetheless. You just have to get past the clowns.
Museo Regional Potosino is housed in what was originally part of a Franciscan monastery which was founded in 1590.
What to do in San Luis Potosi
Much of the central downtown area of San Luis Potosi is either a car-free pedestrian mall or a lovely leafy plaza anchored by a church which makes strolling around this city a joy. And while every Mexican city has plazas and churches, San Luis Potosi has more than its fair share which gives the city a garden-town feel.
With such lovely places to congregate, it’s not surprising that a good deal of life in San Luis Potosi takes place on the streets and in the plazas, disturbed only by a preponderance of clowns which give Karen the heeby-jeebies.
Maybe they can smell her fear because one persistent clown roped Karen into his schtick and wouldn’t set her free until he’d given her a balloon flower. Which would be sweet except for the creepy shoes and fake sad makeup.
Eating in San Luis Potosi
San Luis Potosi also has more than its share of high-end restaurants tand the city lays claim to some every day edible attractions as well such as enchiladas posotinos and an extremely tasty take on traditional pozole which is pleasingly heavy on the cilantro. We enjoyed both dishes at a comfortable and affordable restaurant called El Pozole which, we are happy to report, is now open until late at night not just until 3:00.
Sleeping in San Luis Potosi
Another thing that San Luis Potosi has that most Mexican cities don’t is a Parisian style the city.
The wonderful staircase in the Palacio San Agustin Museo Hotel.
Local artists were commissioned to copy historical European decorative styles on almost every paintable the hotel’s guided tours (60 pesos or about US$5) during which a staff member (English is available) will walk and talk you through the hotel’s fascinating nooks and crannies. Then you get a cocktail.Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Alimera Sciences (NASDAQ:ALIM) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Monday morning.
According to Zacks, “Alimera Sciences, Inc., based in Alpharetta, Georgia, is a biopharmaceutical company that specializes in the research, development and commercialization of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. The Company is presently focused on diseases affecting the back of the eye, or retina because it believes these diseases are not well treated with current therapies and represent a significant market opportunity. Its product candidate Iluvien(R) is an intravitreal insert containing fluocinolone acetonide, a non-proprietary corticosteroid with demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of ocular disease. Iluvien is in development for the treatment of diabetic macular edema (DME). DME is a disease of the retina that affects individuals with diabetes and can lead to severe vision loss and blindness. “
Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. HC Wainwright reissued a buy rating and issued a $5.00 price objective on shares of Alimera Sciences in a research report on Friday, October 27th. Cowen reissued a buy rating on shares of Alimera Sciences in a research report on Thursday, November 2nd. Finally, ValuEngine raised Alimera Sciences from a strong sell rating to a sell rating in a research report on Friday, October 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $3.38.
An institutional investor recently raised its position in Alimera Sciences stock. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in Alimera Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALIM) by 24.3% in the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 180,300 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 35,200 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. owned approximately 0.28% of Alimera Sciences worth $251,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 41.78% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors..
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Alimera Sciences (ALIM)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com
What are top analysts saying about Alimera Sciences? - Enter your email address in the form below to receive our free daily email newsletter that contains the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for for Alimera Sciences and related companies.Madstats
Madstats provides an easy to use webinterface to Source dedicated servers (srcds), mainly Counter-Strike Source. It displays statistics such as rankings and per player details, based on data generated by Mani's Admin Plugin.
Discontinued due to the required Mani's Admin Plugin development being ceased
Statistics are visible to the public, so players can check out there rank.
Features
- Player overview with basic statistics such as kills and deaths
- Detailed per-player statistics view with extensive information on the player ranging from kill/death ratio to kills per minute and Steam integration
- Server statistics, which map is running and who is online
- Ajax-based server status panel, showing the status of the server and updates automatically
- List of available configuration options, from basic server configuration to quake sounds
- Graphical editors for different types of configuration options
- Client editting to quickly add or remove clients, modify there permissions and manage groups
- Customizable server status image, for use in e.g. forum signatures
- Rcon integration, change maps, execute configurations or use the rcon console with autocomplete
- Simple templating system to customize the look-and-feel of your site
- API which can be used to retrieve statistics from another application
- Support for internationalization, use Madstats in your own language
Madstats is open source and can be downloaded from GitHub.Golden rules! It's amazing the rich, warm glow it casts and the way gold makes your table setting shine. Show wedding guests your heart of gold by sending them home with 's glittery gold favor boxes. Features and facts:
- Cardstock favor box with gold glitter top and white satin ribbon pull
- Sold in sets of 24
- Measures 2.15" h x 2"w
- Boxes ship flat - some easy )Dog Walking in Lewiston
Book a dog walker to give your dog a 30-minute walk around your neighborhood.
Experienced dog trainer
North Yarmouth, ME, 04097
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits,
Dog-enthusiast & Pet Care Provider
Harrison, ME, 04040
Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Lots of room for activities!
Raymond, ME, 04071
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Sit. Stay. PLAY!
Bowdoin, ME, 04287
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Play, adventure, snuggles
Freeport, ME, 04032
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Dogs are family :)
Raymond, ME, 04071
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
I'll give 'em plenty of kisses!
Brunswick, ME, 04011iston, Lewiston, ME, Rover.com is the simple, smart way to find and book dog walking services. Our Lewiston dog walkers are dog lovers first and foremost, and 95% of reviewed stays and walks have received a perfect five-star rating. Every new Rover dog walker in Lewiston,iston with Rover's dog walking services.
In short, when you book Lewiston dog walking on Rover, your dog gets the loving care they deserve, and you get to relax knowing that your pet is in good hands.Former assistant principal takes the lead job at Northside High School
From Roanoke County Public Schools: ROANOKE – The Roanoke County School Board has named Dominick McKee as the new principal at Northside High School, effective July 1. McKee previously served as assistant principal at NHS from 2009-2014.
McKee is a 2002 graduate of Radford University with a Master of Science degree in Counseling and Human Development. He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Interdisciplinary Studies from Radford University. He currently is seeking his doctorate from American University and he is endorsed in administration and supervision by the VDOE.
McKee first joined Roanoke County Public Schools in 2002 as a counselor at Hidden Valley High School. In 2007, he became an assistant principal at Hidden Valley Middle School. He moved to Northside High School as an assistant principal in 2009. In 2014, he moved to central office as the supervisor of human resources.
“Dominick has the respect of the entire staff at Northside, and I know he will be an outstanding leader and principal, just as he was an outstanding assistant principal before coming to central office,” said Roanoke County Public Schools Superintendent Dr. Greg Killough. “I’m very pleased he will be returning to Northside and I’m confident he will continue the Viking pride,” Dr. Killough said.Our first Diva Foodies #FoodTVChat Open MIC was a blast! The time flew by with lots of great discussions about who, what and why we love our Food Tv.
If you didn’t make it this week, we are planning to do a #FoodTVChat Open MIC on a regular basis, maybe even once a month. In the meantime, below are some of the highlights from last night’s #FoodTVChat where it was all about YOU and FoodTV.
Recap Week 5 #FoodTVChat, Open MIC
- The #FoodTV Shows We Like The Best
My faves… Chopped, Extra Virgin, Cook's Kitchen/Test Kitchen, Mind of Chef and anything with kids. #foodtvchat
— Eric (@AnamStyle) April 9, 2015
Fav Shows: Chopped (US and Canada), MasterChef (Junior, Original, Canada), Cutthroat Kitchen, Iron Chef, Hells Kitchen #foodtvchat
— Tad Hamilton (@donchefbunny) April 9, 2015
Currently am loving #Chopped #cutthroatkitchen and #AllStarAcademy but love a good #IronChefChallenge or #Nextfoodnetworkstar #FoodTVCHAT
— LeftofStr8 (Scott) (@LeftofStr8) April 9, 2015
- And the Variety of “How” We Like Them
@LeftofStr8 I love your tweets from #chopped with your ideas about the mystery basket. I'm like the deer in the headlights ! #foodtvchat
— robin frantz (@robinfrantz64) April 9, 2015
A lot of my inspiration for consulting and auditing comes from feedback that chefs get on various shows. It helps. #foodtvchat
— Elizabeth Kern (@bitz4bk) April 9, 2015
Final product w mint, cilantro, jalapeños, rice noodles. #foodtvchat #pho pic.twitter.com/fNpsMCNF4q
— Eric (@AnamStyle) April 9, 2015
#Moroccan #Beefstew with #CousCous. Wanted to try something outside my comfort zone. #foodtvchat pic.twitter.com/RxRspzzQfU
— Tad Hamilton (@donchefbunny) April 9, 2015
My leftover Easter bread made some fantastic French today the next day w vanilla #foodtvchat pic.twitter.com/NufuMEeBtK
— LeftofStr8 (Scott) (@LeftofStr8) April 9, 2015
- We learned about how our fellow #Foodies “manage” their obsession
I write down all of the ways i can use that ingredient that I never thought of before #foodtvchat
— LeftofStr8 (Scott) (@LeftofStr8) April 9, 2015
- And what is Banh Mi? Now we know!
My current item is trying to figure out how to make a good Banh Mi at home, #foodtvchat
— Elizabeth Kern (@bitz4bk) April 9, 2015
- Diverse “Final Thoughts”
My final words are dont confuse Passion with Perfection, we are not going to get it right everytime, but keep trying #foodtvchat
— LeftofStr8 (Scott) (@LeftofStr8) April 10, 2015
@AnamStyle Just make sure your mistakes are tasty 😀 #foodtvchat
— Tad Hamilton (@donchefbunny) April 10, 2015
You can follow the entire #FoodTVChat here. And join us on Twitter next Thursday and every Thursday at 7PM Eastern for #FoodTVChat.The Basic Principles Of Cheap Divorce Attorney
I say all this to mention, you may need to hire a Phoenix divorce attorney, but it most likely won’t be cheap.
"Beneath Texas regulation, a courtroom could get 1 or equally with the mom and dad to pay a specific share of his / her cash flow in youngster assistance. On the other hand, it is generally the non-custodial parent (the dad or mum that spends a lot less time with the child or small children) who must shell out child help into the custodial dad or mum, that is the guardian who cares for the child or the children many the time."
And given that we obtain into the "we must use an attorney," the rational training course of motion is to find a "cheap divorce lawyer." Your Ignorance = Their Bliss
“Pretty occupation staff Hoffenberg & Block…we value your professionalism and willingness to work with us. It really manufactured this kind of variance to get sensible experienced illustration.
About I'm a qualified attorney (29 several years) who prides himself in particular service and inventive remedies. See my Site for entire information regarding the divorce and modification method. There's no demand for consultations, and I'm located across the Galleria in North Dallas.
About We treatment about your lawful demands! We are a common observe legislation agency in San Antonio listed here to assist you with the lawful wants. Our San Antonio legal professionals can cope with cases inside the parts of loved ones legislation, small business regulation, client regulation, felony defense, divorces, appeals, and many extra.
While courts prefer to adjudicate disputes While using the effectively-thought their explanation of enter of all involved get-togethers, just after notice and an entire Listening to, once in a while a legit emergency could call for speedy court docket action to stop an irreparable harm. In such a case, the court docket will entertain an application to enter an immediate emergency buy, with out awaiting a published response to the emergency request or location a Listening to days or weeks away.
spouse and children legislation, They might have a considerable ample follow they don’t demand a significant retainer up entrance. However you can’t truly hope them to become industry experts in divorce. In spite of everything, they don't seem to be focusing exclusively on divorce and household regulation, but spreading their read more observe thinly across numerous practice parts.
Rather, there will become a 1-time flat payment charged to your client to deal with their divorce, modification, or paternity matter by way of mediation. A flat cost permits the customer to be aware of beforehand what their authorized expenditures are likely to be.
If you're contemplating divorce or need to have guidance inside a issue referring to spouse and children law, we invite you to timetable a meeting using a Tacoma spouse and children law firm at McKinley Irvin.
Less than Web-site use of location providers, click on Prompt for each Web page at the time each day or Prompt for each Web site a single time only.
Also, how will they charge for your operate and conversation that is involved in your case? You should have a detailed account of how the billing prices operate, which include should they vary among groups like legal assistance, submitting paperwork, and building copies.
When you and browse around here your ex Possess a contentious connection, it might make parenting Considerably more challenging. Irrespective of whether you have been married in your ex or not, splits may be emotionally complicated and should end in ...
Need to know how to respond more proficiently in Each and every predicament? Here are some merchandise that attorneys tend to deal with:Mastering digital from Belgrade
We’re always excited to offer our design and business solutions to a new costumer. Whether you run a small company or a large corporation, we will deliver the product that meets your costumer’s goal.Photo: Profimedia
weboperater
- Milesevska 14, Beograd, Srbija
- PIB: 106798376 | MB: 622785956
- TR: 170-50008206000-73
- +381 11 40 41 027
- +381 60 0230 091
- Viber
- Facebook Messanger
Working hours
- Monday - Friday: 9 am - 5 pm
- Saturday: 9 am - 3 pmSince the United States is a fairly dynamic place economically and socially, there are obviously multiple tiers to any discussion of its migration patterns. To simplify, since we know that Hispanic immigrants are on the rise, let’s look at it two ways, with help from The Atlantic Cities.
First, there’s net domestic migration. That means, essentially, areas within the U.S. that people are leaving, and subsequent areas that people move to:
As you can see on that map, people are actually leaving the three largest metro areas in America — NYC, Chicago and Los Angeles — and predominantly heading to Dallas, Houston, Seattle, the Carolinas, Nashville (a big block there), and central (but not necessarily southern) Florida. This is happening for a lot of reasons — one notable one is cost, and another one is the idea that social/economic mobility might be better away from the coastal cities. There’s also the idea of where to find the best talent, which for some industries might be NYC (finance) or SF (tech), but for many mid-size and small companies might be in-the-middle-college-towns (like a Madison, or a Tucson).
Now check out net international migration, i.e. where people are settling when they come to the U.S. from abroad:
That’s pretty much the reverse picture of the first map — the Northeast corridor is such a huge positive bubble it looks like it might explode, and Miami is similar (most people who choose to disparage Miami will say it’s “not really part of the U.S.;” my in-laws live there and while I enjoy it, there is some kernel of truth in that statement, for sure). Dallas and Houston are also big on the international map (makes sense, as Houston has wide swaths of Spanish-speaking communities), so this all leads you to net total migration:
In this picture, the coasts are still getting an influx of people — especially the south Florida area — but you also see insane growth in Houston, Dallas, Austin, Denver, and Phoenix-down-to-Tucson. Austin and most of that Texas energy wealth/corridor makes sense; that’s been documented for a little bit now. Denver and Fort Collins, etc. have some of the highest quality-of-life scores in America, so that makes sense too. People seem to generally be moving away from the Midwest/Rust Belt/parts of the Southeast; that’s been documented too.
Is there a broader lesson here? Probably not on an individual level, since people’s decisions about where they live tend to be extremely personal (and obviously tied to spouse/family considerations as well). From a business perspective, sure, there’s some — putting an upstart company in Denver, Nashville, Boise, or Dallas right now could be beneficial (and there’s varying degrees of cost associated with land in those places) — although in general, most people move around to what they know (or have some context with). I’ve met probably 500 people in my life who have moved, and only 2 of those were moving to a place they had never been before the move. You may see a shift in “random moves” as the millennial generation becomes a bigger part of the earning-money workforce, but still, people tend to go where (a) a good job, (b) their family or (c) their friends are, and not often to a random fourth place.
Remember also: the data above doesn’t say anything about where in an area people are moving. There can be a huge cluster around Dallas, but does that mean suburbs, city center, Fort Worth, etc? The land associated with what people construe as “Houston” is massive — are more people moving to Sugarland? Does that count Galveston? Etc, etc. So there’s some context missing from this picture, but it still provides an overall view of what people are doing when they move in the US, to the US, or generally around the US.DVDs
Shop by:
Products
Armed Response - A Comprehensive Guide to Using Firearms for Self Defense - BOOK - SALE
ARBOOK
In stock
$5.48
Gun DVDs
Professional Gun Training Videos Improve Precision and Safety
A picture is worth a lot of words when it comes to gun skills. Our gun dvds thoroughly cover the areas of operational ability, defensive shooting, armorer’s instruction, professional training, maintenance, and much more. Purchase popular DVDs in collections to make the most of your money or order them individually to master a subject area. Our library of gun shooting DVDs features experts in their fields who will empower you with knowledge and direct your practice in new skills. The resources found in our gun books will complement your gun DVD collection and reinforce skills even further.
Gain Fundamentals or Master Advanced Tactics with Gun Training Movies
Excel at key drills, fundamentals, and tactics for defensive shooting through gun training videos. Enhance shooting capabilities and gain knowledge of speed shooting, back-up weapons, moving shooting targets, position drills, and other essentials through dvd instruction and drills direction. Acquire fundamental information about handgun operations with gun training movies that cover defensive shooting from gun safety to reloads. With our selection of gun movies, you’ll be ready to rely on tactics and techniques that supplement range skills with self defense strategies for dangerous situations.
Watch Tactical Training Videos to Keep Guns in Shape
Some leading gun manufacturers create shooting videos. Customize your Glock with instructional video on installations and modifications that personalize your pistol. Let Sig Sauer DVDs take you to higher levels of professional training with information on pistols and concealed carry weapons. If you want to build and work on an AR-15 or related firearm, we have instructional shooting videos that prepare you for assembly, reassembly, maintenance, and repairs. Get armorer’s courses for the AR-15, pistol and rifle from shooting video as well. Professional gun cleaning techniques also can be learned safely with the right DVD.Manufacturer: BarcodeBerlin
This is our newest and most innovative take on the Jock Strap. News Hades has a double elastics in the front and a tie able back. This individual lacing in the back gives a better fit and your bottom looks more attractive. Athletic and fantasy what a great combo!Material: Pouch: 95% Cotton, 5% Spandex, Elastics: 90% Polyamide, 10% RubberColor: Black
36.70 EUR 26.90 EUR
incl. VAT. + shipping
7.90 EUR
10.90 EUR
104.30 EUR 49.50 EUR
69.30 EUR 49.50 EUR
8.90 EURToyota RAV4 XLE
Sensibility and practicality define the 2018 Toyota RAV4. Smooth gearshifts are achieved thanks to the 2.5 liter 4 cylinder engine, and for added security, dynamic Stability Control supplements the drivetrain. All wheel drive maintains traction at all four corners. Top features include power windows, a rear window wiper, a tachometer, a trip computer, an outside temperature display, lane departure warning,. Passengers are protected by various safety and security features, including: head curtain airbags, front side impact airbags, brake assist, a panic alarm, and 4 wheel disc brakes with ABS. We pride ourselves on providing excellent customer service. Please don't hesitate to give us a call.95 Monticello AveNorfolk, VA 23510
3018 victory blvdPortsmouth, VA 23702
From Business: We carry refurbished desktop and laptop computers, supplies and accessories, wireless networking and diagnostic services for Windows Apple in Linux PCs
3110 High StPortsmouth, VA 23707
4216 Portsmouth BlvdPortsmouth, VA 23701
80 Afton pkwyPortsmouth, VA 23702
3701 King StPortsmouth, VA 23707
2717 Airline BlvdPortsmouth, VA 23701
795 Monticello AveNorfolk, VA 23510
PO Box 6303Portsmouth, VA 23703
From Business: We are a small business....family owned, and operated - whose goal is to provide a simple solution to turning valuables into cash by listing them on eBay and Crai…
3945 Twin Pines RdPortsmouth, VA 23703
3274 Academy AvePortsmouth, VA 23703
3935 Turnpike RdPortsmouth, VA 23701
This is the BEST Thrift store. They are priced reasonably, all staff are very polite, plenty of parking and there is plenty of items to choose from.…
2306 Airline BlvdPortsmouth, VA 23701
1 Colley AveNorfolk, VA 23510
I LOVE this place! I moved away for 3 yrs and couldnt wait to get back to shop. I have found so many treasures over the years.
795 Monticello AveNorfolk, VA 23510
From Business: The CHKD Thrift Stores are a project of The King's Daughters, the founding organization of Children's Hospital. The first CHKD Thrift Store opened in 1986 in Norf…
110 W 21st StNorfolk, VA 23517
2411 Granby StNorfolk, VA 23517
2309 Bainbridge BlvdChesapeake, VA 23324
1935 S Military HwyChesapeake, VA 23320
This is the perfect place to get a gift! I came here to look for a new mirror (which I found along with a really great set of lamps!) and ended up …
308 W 21st StNorfolk, VA 23517
2716 Granby StNorfolk, VA 23517
This is the neatest thrift shop in Norfolk. Tons of interesting things to browse through. Something for everyone!
The best thrift store by far.. Employee's are always friendly. The best thing is they have fitting rooms and restrooms...
We visited from NC and found this store, loved it and was able to find lots of good deals!
1412 Greenbrier PkwyChesapeake, VA 23320
i can't believe all these reviews are negitive! everytime i go in the employees treat me with nothing but respect and cater to my every need.. when …
this thrift store is cleanest and the best by far , it does not smell like a thrift store at all, and customer service is very very good, either th…
These people are very unprofessional.The workers always have to call their boss in for everything.To me it""s so they won""t give you a penny higher…
Home security comprises a number of different technologies, tools and techniques. Choose one that fits your needs and your budget.
Trimming and removing trees can be dangerous, if not deadly. Learn how to stay safe and when to call a professional.
This is the BEST Thrift store. They are priced reasonably, all staff are very polite, plenty of parking and there is plenty of items to choose from. Thank you Victory Thrift!Every case is different. There may be weeks where I don't take a case. It is a good idea for the client to meet with me and determine whether we are a good fit and will work well together. I look at the liabilty first and then I make a determination whether I can help the client or not and if I can meet the client's expectations. H4 P255/65R-14
- Part Number: 5516110
- Service Description: 88 H
- Sidewall: BW
- Load Range: XLMore Specs +
- Treadlife Warranty: 50000 miles
Overview
Sumitomo HTR H4 P255/65R
Tire Specifications
HTR H4 P255/65R H4 tires shown above are listed to be as accurate as possible based on the information provided to us by Sumitomo tires.
Available Sizes & Prices
HTR H4 P255/65R-14
Treadlife Warranty
HTR H4 P255/65.Casio® G-Shock Mens Black and Blue Auto LED Strap Watch GD350-1C
Limited Warranty Included
Additional Protection Plans
- $18$18
Select your options to see availability
Quantity
Casio® G-Shock Mens Black and Blue Auto LED Strap Watch GD350-1C
ProductID: 0506019
Republicans Reject Obama Desire for “Empathy” in Future Supreme Court Appointment
When politicians speak in code, parsing statements for phrases or words which carry negative connotations, they do our nation a profound disservice. Fortunately for Americans, we host some particularly talented satirists who have taken it upon themselves to, justifiably, mock this manipulative practice. Since Supreme Court Justice, David Souter, announced his intention to retire after the present term, providing Barack Obama the opportunity to appoint someone new, our satirists — namely, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert — have already enjoyed the chance to impart the inherent irony of the Republican opposition’s newest code word: empathy.
It’s not much of a surprise that Republicans would find something to complain about regarding the anticipated Supreme Court vacancy. Political conservatives have been critical of the President’s every action, so why should this be any different? But, empathy? Their opposition to a character trait of a Justice yet to be named, took shape over the weekend, and are discussed briefly at the beginning of this clip from Countdown with Keith Olbermann:
As noted in the Countdown clip, empathy is code for judicial activism, which is code for pro-choice for Republicans. Jon Stewart’s and Stephen Colbert’s treatments of the Souter retirement, aside from being funnier than Olbermann’s, go beyond the bickering of conservative politicians and reveal the mainstream media’s penchant for stirring up controversy. David Greggory, in particular, appeared adamant about drawing a reaction from Sen. Arlen Specter, fresh off his defection from the GOP, focusing on the word “empathy” as if a coded meaning was implied. (Really, David, what’s happened to you?)
Be sure to tell me what you think in the comments section below. First, however, read Obama’s stated desires for his first Supreme Court appointment:.
Does that sound at all unreasonable to you?
Also, consider what has happened when empathy is lacking in a Supreme Court ruling as it was in the case of Lilly Ledbetter. The Court ruled against Ledbetter, 5-4, despite overwhelming evidence of pay-based gender inequality based upon a strict, or formal, interpretation of the law. Author of the Court’s dissent, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg expressed disappointment in the majority’s lack of empathy in the case, “In our view, the court does not comprehend, or is indifferent to, the insidious way in which women can be victims of pay discrimination …” Fortunately, this wrong was corrected last January when Barack Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Equal Pay Act into law. Justice achieved, but two years late.
Finally, consider this: What do conservatives want in an appointee, if not empathy? Perhaps they desire a narcissist, someone incapable of seeing or appreciating another point of view. If they are hoping Obama will appoint someone likely to overturn Roe v. Wade, I would suggest that they shouldn’t hold their breath. Besides, we already have at least two narcissists on the court, and that’s more than enough.
Personally, I feel that Republicans are reading way too much into the attributes Obama desires in whomever he decides to select. They’ve chosen “empathy” as a buzzword to stir up their dwindling base in an effort to sway the President’s choice. Both, conservatives and the mainstream media need to drop the code, as our invaluable satirists have hilariously suggested. Instead, they should consider what empathy really means:
empathy: Noun – the ability to sense and understand someone else’s feelings as if they were one’s own.
Should they do that, they’ll likely arrive at the conclusion that I have: Empathy is not only desirable in a Supreme Court Justice, but it should be a prerequisite for consideration.
Image: Flickr User: NCinDC by way of CreativeCommons.org
Calaila,SEND
I got a good laugh from your fruity comment too!
LOL!!! agree Calaila you said it all that time. Keep there mouths full of them and not over load it.SEND
Rob & jay...can you please provide the case in which this ruling was made? I have been unable to find such a ruling that you refer to and would be intersted to read it.SEND
"This Conservative majority court also made the ruling (which most people don't even seem to know about) in the 80's that gay citizens of the US of A had no constitutional right to privacy - the only group of citizens who do not!"
Please go to my page and read We the People Advocates and more--- we pull no punches and we are out to save our democracy---now the supreme court --- right now there is a better way and it can be done if we become a community in unity and demand the changes that are needed.SEND
dbaker007@stx.rr.com
"Besides, we already have at least two narcissists on the court, and that's more than enough."SEND
Really? Which two, and how did you arrive at this diagnosis?
Are you a
Should they do that, they'll likely arrive at the conclusion that I have: Empathy is not only desirable in a Supreme Court Justice, but it should be a prerequisite for consideration.SEND
Why? The role of the Supreme Court is to determine if lower court decisions were correct applications of the law, and to determine if a law violates the Constitution. What would empathy add to that determination?
Rob and Jay B.,SEND
Just a reminder. If Gore had won his home state he would have been elected President.
Joan Cline:SEND
Obama was on the campaign trail for two years, and clearly stated his values many times. Were sleeping for two years? And, I wont even get into the often-debunked garbage about his birth certificate. No one, except the mental giants on the ridiculous right, is questioning his country of birth. Again, where have you been? Sleeping? Drug-induced coma? Which is it?
Im not quite sure where you got the doesnt want to his girls punished line but Im going to guess that if one of his daughters got pregnant, he would want them to have the same choices millions of women have had since Roe v. Wade, meaning, he would what them to have CHOICES, not just the CHOICE the ridiculous right would like to ram down everyones throat.
And, I cant help but giggle my ass of with the trying to unarm Americans please provide proof of your silly assertion. And, what Hand Job Hannity said it is not proof (he believes apples grow on elm trees nuff said). Obama NEVER said he was seeking to unarm Americans. However, since you made said assertion, finding proof should be very easy for you, right?
Socialized healthcare. Look, sweetcheeks, were already socialized. Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and a whole host of other government programs. You really need to stop listening to Hand Job, Lush Limpballs, and the rest of
Joe:SEND
More importantly, a good justice knows that very well.
You confuse empathy with weakness. Youre way out in left field, sport. Perhaps you should look up empathy in the dictionary to get the correct meaning, not what you think empathy means.
I most certainly do. Funny you should bring up Uncle Tom Thomas. I find him to be quite the pig, personally. Hes an embarrassment as a man, to the robe, and is a poor excuse of a Supreme Court Justice, let alone a judge in traffic court. I read his book he is very one angry man, and has no place in SCOTUS.
Talk about someone who gets emotional.
LOL Typical GOP talking point. I was waiting for someone to eventually drag the hes had 100 days. Whatever.
Weak, dude.
Rob and Jay - the Supreme Court did NOT rule that "gay citizens of the US of A had no constitutional right to privacy." They ruled on a specific issue which the Court did not consider was protected by the right to privacy (and not everything in life is, of course). But in all other respects, gay citizens are protected by that Constitutional right.SENDBhagwati Automation Pvt. Ltd. take individual privacy seriously. We request all our users to read the following 'privacy policy' to understand how their personal & business information will be treated, as they make full use of our services to their benefit. This Statement explains our policies and practices. We will not sell, trade or rent personally identifiable information about our users to other parties, without our users' consent.
(i) To implement computer, physical and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal data we collect
(ii)To limit the personal data collected to the minimum required to provide services requested by you
(iii) To permit only our properly trained, authorized employees to access personal data not to disclose your personal data to external parties unless you have agreed, we are required by law or we have previously informed you.
When you visit our website, we do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. Our main purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with an enjoyable, customized, and efficient experience on our website PLYBAZAR.com. It is our policy to never willfully disclose any personal information about our Members to the general public without their consent. PLYBAZAR.com collects information from you when you register and conduct certain activities on the website. We collect your full name, valid telephone number, contact/billing information, email address, and shipping address. Most of this information is collected only when you decide to become a seller or buyer on the website. Each Member must create a unique user id and password. We also provide you the opportunity to create a profile on the website which, depending on your preferences can be public or private. Please note that any information you select to provide in your public profile or via other public areas of the website can be viewed and used by other members of these forums to send you unsolicited messages. PLYBAZAR.com is not responsible for the personal information users' elect to disclose in public forums and we encourage you to use discretion.
Our system also logs some basic and generic information about your computer, including its:
(i)IP address (your computer's unique signature)
(ii)Operating system (e.g. Windows 7)
(iii)Browser software (e.g. Internet Explorer 11)
We use this information about your computer to perform routine web site maintenance and to generate various aggregate reports for internal analysis, research and monitoring purposes, and to help us develop and enhance our web site and services for our users. PLYBAZAR.com Your feedback helps us develop new products and services based on your needs.
You always have a choice about receiving mailings, surveys or information about products and services from us. Each e-mail and SMS you receive has an "Unsubscribe" option. We use e-mail and SMS to communicate news and special promotions to our PLYBAZAR.com members. If you'd rather not receive these messages, you can click the unsubscribe link on the email and you will be unsubscribed from the mail list immediately. As a registered member, you can also advise us which types of e-mail you wish to receive by updating your Notifications page.
As a general rule, PLYBAZAR.com will not disclose or share any of the user's personally identifiable information except when company has the user's permission or under special circumstances, such as when company believes in good faith that the law requires it or as permitted in terms of this policy.
PLYBAZAR.com does not display user email addresses on marketplace to avoid extraction by email extractors.
PLYBAZAR.com may also disclose account information in special cases when company has reasons to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating company's Terms of Services or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) company's rights or property, other company network website users, or if PLYBAZAR deems it necessary to maintain, service, and improve its products and services. Personal information collected may be transferred and shared in the event of a sale.
Once receiving your information, we make our best effort to ensure the stability and security on our systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure from hacker attacks. Therefore, PLYBAZAR.com cannot make any warranty on the security of the information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We will disclose your information in good faith when we believe that it is necessary to:
(i) Enforce the provisions of PLYBAZAR.com
(ii)Protect and defend the rights of PLYBAZAR.com, other users, or for public interests
(iii)Contract with third party parties to provide you with better value and service
(iv)Conform to national regulations or legal processes.
You as a user are strongly recommended to keep your Member ID and password on PLYBAZAR.com safe and secure. To ensure the safety and security of your company and personal information do not divulge your password to others. If you feel that your Member ID or password is for any reason at risk, please contact us immediately. website. The policy may change from time to time so please check periodically.
We are not responsible for the privacy protection methods of other websites who are linked to PLYBAZAR.com.
Should you have any suggestion on our Privacy Policy, please contact us23.10.15
October 23, 2015 § Leave a comment
You were leftover coffee brewing on my lips,
everything afterwards was so damned bittersweet.
I remember a time I was pastel dresses and pink lipsticks
’til you came along with your dark eyes, sharp tongue.
I was tumbling words and stumbling heart,
Bright eyes and wandering gaze.
Now I’m just simmer summer heat.
Advertisements
What are your thoughts?Mike Tinne had been receiving chemotherapy for years, but he was in good spirits and had been traveling to England and Ireland in recent summers. He had already booked his flight for another trip when he apparently got pneumonia after another round of chemo and passed away last Wednesday in a California hospital. Mike was in his 80s and he got to enjoy his life in relatively good health. While he still owned property in Meadview, he had been living in California with his family.
Our neighbor Delmar Farris had been suffering with extreme back pain and recently he had two knee replacements. He was very tall and had been hanging sheet rock much of his life, so his body was shot. I think it was in February when he asked me to bring back sinus meds from Kingman and it turned out that he had pneumonia and he ended up in the ICU for at least a week. After he was released from the hospital, he spent several weeks at the Gardens for rehab because he had trouble walking and his sister and her husband stayed with him after he got home. We were shocked to hear that he was back in the hospital and then passed away. He was only in his 60s and should have had a few more years.
Del was also a gardener and very handy with fixing tools and generators and MIke used to bring us delicious lemons and persimmons from his California trees. We miss Mike and Del!white sawhorse desk sawhorse desk ana white simple sawhorse table.
ana white sawhorse desk pier 1 lacquer with chrome legs contemporary den library office,white sawhorse table storage leg desk projects anna ana,desk sawhorse table plans gorgeous ana white lacquer anna,interiors bedroom features wood and white lacquer desk with chrome sawhorse legs pier one ana,ana white sawhorse table pier one desk best office furniture desks images on simple,ana white sawhorse table simple lacquer desk with chrome legs furniture ideas winsome modern,white lacquer desk with chrome sawhorse legs pier 1 table black brown gray ana diy,pier one white sawhorse desk lacquer with chrome legs modern adjustable to ana,white sawhorse desk pier 1 lacquer with chrome legs ana table 2,white sawhorse outdoor table projects anna lacquer desk ana simple.This post is called Ikea Desk Hack. You are able to download all the image about Ikea Desk Hack free of charge. Below are the image gallery of Ikea Desk Hack, if you like the image or such as this post please add with us to share this post to your social multimedia or save this post in your device.
There are extensive plenty images of Ikea Desk Hack. You can find out or you can search the images such as. Diy Ikea Hacks Landeelu, A Simple Ikea Hack Desk, Just Gold Desk Ikea Hack, From Generic Office To Stylish And Productive Home Office, The Midas Touch Desk Hack Ikea Hackers Ikea Hackers, Ikea Hack Desk Diy For 60, 10 Ikea Standing Desk Hacks With Ergonomic Appeal, Expedit Vika Amon Desk To Fit My Office Perfectly Ikea, Best Desk Ikea Desk Hack, Rast Kallax New Desk Ikea Hackers Ikea HackersHome Run Derby Schedule
Home Run Derby Schedule involve some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Home Run Derby Schedule here, so you can receive the picture here simply. Home Run Derby Schedule picture placed ang uploaded by Admin that preserved in our collection. Home Run Derby Schedule have a graphic from the other.
Home Run Derby Schedule It also will include a picture of a kind that might be observed in the gallery of Home Run Derby Schedule. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your creativity and informational reason for Home Run Derby Schedule Run Derby Schedule picture. We provide image Home Run Derby Schedule Run Derby Schedule directly, you may use the category navigation or it could be using a arbitrary post of Home Run Derby Schedule.
We hope you love and discover one in our best collection of pictures and get motivated to decorate your residence.
If the hyperlink is damaged or the image not entirely on Home Run Derby Scheduleyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We provide imageHome Run Derby Schedule.- Whitefriars School
Whitefriars Avenue
Wealdstone
Harrow
Middlesex
HA3 5RQ
- Head: Ms Lucy Caswell
- T 020 8427 2080
- F 020 8861 2651
- E office@whitefriars.harrow.sch.uk
- W
- A state school for boys and girls aged from 3 to 16.
- Boarding: No
- Local authority: Harrow
- Pupils: 720
- Religion: Does not apply
- Ofsted:
- Latest Overall effectiveness Good 1
- Outcomes for children and learners Good 1
- Quality of teaching, learning and assessment Good 1
- Effectiveness of leadership and management Outstanding 1
- 1 Full inspection 4th October 2012
-.The Charlotte Hornets hope to use a favorable home schedule to make a run at the .500 mark when they take on the Miami Heat on Friday night to begin a stretch of six of seven at the Spectrum Center.
The Hornets (10-17) find themselves in a big hole in the early Eastern Conference playoff chase thanks in large part to a 2-11 road record to start the season.
They'll have to deal with the road just once in the next two weeks, however, as they look to improve on an 8-6 home mark.
Charlotte will do so initially against a Miami team that won't have star center Hassan Whiteside, who will miss his eighth consecutive game due to a bruised left knee.
The Heat (13-14) also will be without second-leading rebounder Justise Winslow because of knee issues, putting them in a predicament with which they are quite familiar.
"I mean, we've dealt with it a lot last year," noted guard Tyler Johnson, who sat out Wednesday's home loss to Portland with a migraine. "Obviously, we're going to miss those guys. We'd rather have them in the lineup. But for the guys who are here, it's nothing new as far as playing shorthanded."
The Hornets can relate. They recently lost key frontcourt backup Cody Zeller to knee surgery.
The rest of the bench crew did not respond well in Wednesday's loss at Houston, combining for just 26 points.
"There was that one stretch where we really struggled," Hornets interim coach Stephen Silas said of a 25-0 Rockets burst bridging the first and second quarters with mostly reserves on the court. "I think beyond that, we played pretty well."
That's often been the case with Kemba Walker or Dwight Howard on the floor, especially at home.
Walker was held to 19 and 13 points on Charlotte's two-game trip that ended in Houston, after scorching the nets for 20-plus points four consecutive times on the Hornets' last homestand.
Howard has been a terror regardless of the site in his last four games, recording three double-doubles while averaging 23.8 points and 14.3 rebounds.
The big guy catches a break Friday with Miami missing Whiteside. Rookie Bam Adebayo has been the chief replacement for the Heat's star center.
Miami took advantage of Walker's absence to beat the Hornets 105-100 at home earlier this month.
The Hornets made only five of their 20 3-point attempts in the game and were outscored 42-15 from beyond the arc.
Long-range shooting continues to be an issue for Charlotte. It ranks just 24th in the NBA in made 3's (8.7 per game) and 3-point shooting percentage (34.9) this season.
The Heat's Dion Waiters bombed in four 3-pointers among his 19 points in the earlier win.
Waiters is coming off a 17-point outing in the loss to Portland.
Already down 1-0, the Hornets have not won a season series from the Heat since the 2009-10 season. Miami has beaten Charlotte in 23 of the last 29 meetings.The standard models used to tackle fragility over the last 20 years have had “disastrous” consequences, said Sir Paul Collier, speaking at an event as part of the IGC’s Growth Week conference in London on 2 June.
He said: “Fragile states have distinctive, intractable problems. Theory has been absent and policy practice has been a failure. We need a major period of rethinking.”
Collier highlighted two areas where the go-to international interventions have failed in fragile states: building an effective tax system and building government legitimacy.
He noted that the International Monetary Fund always recommended that countries bring in a value added tax to generate revenue.
However in six fragile African nations, for example, this backfired, resulting instead in substantial losses as tax inspectors made money for themselves by taking advantage of the rebate component of the VAT mechanism.
This was because tax inspectors in fragile states have different underlying motivations, values and worldviews from those in stable countries, Collier said.
These meant they were more orientated towards increasing their family’s income than bringing in revenue to the state. This was especially the case if they believed funds would go into the pockets of corrupt superiors rather than towards public services, he said.
In such circumstances, local behavioural norms and attitudes needed to be addressed before a VAT system would be feasible.
Another challenge for fragile states is the legitimacy of their governments. The international community often attempts to achieve this by holding free and fair elections.
Collier stressed, however, that this does not work – as evidenced by events in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya – with the risk of conflict rising again once elections have been held.
He explained that in states where identities are “segmented” and “oppositional”, elections, with their “intrinsically divisive narratives”, only exacerbate problems: those who identify with the winner might view the government as legitimate, but those supporting the loser will not.
The power endowed upon the government through an election will not then make it legitimate so, instead, it resorts to “dysfunctional” methods of gaining compliance from its citizens, such as violence, Collier said.
He suggested methods to bridge this “mismatch” between power and identities including implementing power sharing governments, as in South Sudan, or decentralisation, as in Kosovo.
Other common mistakes made during international interventions include focusing too much on the long term while neglecting the short term, trying to fix everything at once instead of starting with a few changes that were easy to implement, and inflating citizens’ expectations, which set the government up for failure, he said.
He warned against trying to “sell [the population] a dream”, and advised that credibility should be build slowly by under-promising and over-delivering on a few, feasible measures.
Timothy Besley, a professor of economics and political science at LSE and a member of the IGC’s steering group, also spoke at the event.
He highlighted the importance of building strong, resilient institutions that can keep checks on the executive to reduce the risk of conflict, encourage growth and strengthen resilience to economic shocks.I love walking! There are just so darn many good reasons to put on your runners and head out the door!
Let’s start with the fact that it is an exercise that you don’t have to practice to get your form right! Most of us have been doing it quite successfully for years! It is available to just about everyone, free of any costs! And, for the most part, it is safe! You don’t even need a spotter!
Some of the benefits to walking a good brisk walk are as simple as keeping you mobile, because the longer we stay stationary or sedentary the longer we will likely stay stationary or sedentary!! And that’s when a heap of other problems can start to creep up on you.
Walking can lower blood pressure! Walking can help you to maintain your weight, or even to lose a few pounds! Walking has been known to help lower the bad cholesterol and raise the good cholesterol! Walking briskly, as a routine, can help you elevate your mood and keep you strong and fit!
Whether you choose to go on a solitary walk to clear your head of the day’s thoughts and issues, or find a companion and make it a social event, walking is a great way to get healthy and stay healthy. If you are walking alone, make sure to let somebody know when you are going and where you will be walking.
Before you start your walk, make sure you are wearing comfortable shoes that have good support and a cushion type sole. Dress yourself in clothes that are also comfortable, brightly coloured and weather appropriate.
When you start out, walk slowly at first to warm up those muscles and then do a few stretches, especially your calf muscles and hamstrings! Now you are ready to really get going into a nice brisk pace. If you are just getting out there, after being inactive for a while, just take it easy, and increase your speed and time a little every day. I made a resolution to get moving this year and was gifted a pedometer, which is a really fun way to measure your progress.
Walking your way to good health, both physical and mental, is a great gift to yourself, one you can afford to do every day! Why not give it a try? It could be the best thing you ever do for yourself!
Hosts: David McVay, Josh Philpott, Mirren Lee & Shane Gregory
Welcome to the new Film Actually podcast, your weekly dose of movie geek. Film Actually is the official movie podcast of geekactually.com. This week David McVay and Josh Philpott are joined by the very quiet Shane Gregory and the force of nature that is Mirren Lee to review the new Tom Cruise/Cameron Diaz film ‘Knight and Day’. We also take a look at the week’s geeky film news.
Now, if you are new to Geek Actually you are probably wondering why this first episode of Film Actually is numbered 93. No, we are not insane, Film Actually and Tech Actually (our tech podcast) used to be one show called The Geek Actually Podcast and this week we split them into two shows. We kept the numbering continuity across all three of our shows. All the information on the re-structuring of the shows can be found here at geekactually.com.
 1 but when you listen to the show you will hear it referred to as episode 93, this is why. Sorry about any confusion or inconvenience.
Film Actually is recorded live every Saturday at 1.15pm (AEST UTC +10) at geekactually.com/live.
This episode carries an explicit tag due to infrequent coarse language.
Listen or download it here or subscribe to it on iTunes
Podcast: Play in new window | Download
Your show links:
News
Totally Cool – A full size Optimus Prime made in China from scrap!
We watch the trailer for ‘Devil’
Edward Norton is out of ‘The Avengers’ – What happened?
and Norton himself responds
Roman Polanski goes free
The gay Iraq war romance film by the Wachowskis has started casting and shooting.
We watch the new trailer for ‘The Social Network’
Feature Review
‘Knight and Day’ directed by James Mangold and written by Patrick O’Neill. It stars Tom Cruise, Cameron Diaz, Peter Sarsgaard, Viola Davis, Marc Blucas, Maggie Grace, Jordi Molla and Paul Dano.
The official synopsis: .”
Our verdict: Avoid this incomprehensible mess at all costs. The leads are unappealing and the plotting is plodding.
Watch the trailer here
Get your Geek Actually swag at cafepress.com.au/geekactually
Make sure you check out our other fine podcasts – Tech Actually and The Geek Actually After Show.
For information on the Unofficial Geek Actually Movie Club screening times and titles, visit our forum. Make sure you check out the after show for a bonus review of ‘The Karate Kid’.by Brandon
Do you make Al Gore cry? Chances are you do if you still buy monthlies, or "floppies" if you are one of those irksome individuals who often tosses off "616" when referring to the Marvel Universe.
As you may or may not know, Earth Day was this past week. For the first time in my life, I marked the day with a sense of fervent pride because I have turned the environmental corner. That's right; I'm going Green. I feel like I almost wanted to have a Green coming out party. You know, invite some folks over, drink some water straight out of the spigot with all the lights off, eating plants I picked from the neighbor's yard as refreshments. Totally sustainable. Totally cool. Totally Green. But sadly, I didn't have a Green coming out party.
But you see, Al Gore has had somewhat of a tongue-in-cheek impact on me. As a teacher, I tease my students often about being Al Gore Friendly. I make Al Gore jokes and crack wise about crunchy granola types. But I don't hate Al Gore or environmentalists. Quite the opposite. I really do love Al Gore. I love the environment more. However, I wasn't really doing much to lower my environmental footprint. If anything, I was being a typical American and doing jack-diddly-squat.
That is until about a two months ago.
I made the switch to those reusable cloth grocery bags. I have changed all the lights in my townhouse to energy saving bulbs. I have started to change my spending patterns to buy items that have little packaging or buy items secondhand, in particular my entertainment needs such as music, books, and movies. If anything comes from this, at least my Green Karma will be in better shape than it was before. Maybe I'll reincarnate as a slug now rather a mite.
As I started my own Green Revolution, I started to look at all areas of my life, comic books included. What impact do these little flimsy books have on our dearest Mother Earth? Is my obsession with "funny books" killing our planet? Would Al Gore approve? The questions made me think long and hard about my hobby. Like a junkie, I looked at my collection and thought, "Dear God, am I a part of the problem?"
The uncomfortable answer is probably yes. God knows I have tried very hard to convince myself that I am a reader and not a collector, but my twenty some odd long-boxes tell a different story. They sit there in my second bedroom, the room I affectionately call the Fanboy Room, staring at me with big, ugly eyes that clearly state, "I am an unsustainable drain on the earth's environment." Like Jesus and Hillary Clinton, I wept at the possibilities. What about other individuals with more comics than I had? What about all of those wasted trees used to print those issues of Youngblood, Super Pro, and Rai and the Future Force that now populated the dollar bins of the local-yokel comic shops? What about that comic fan who keeps purchasing Uncanny X-Men not out of joy for reading, but the necessity to keep his anal retentive collection intact just in case the second coming of Jack Kirby happens during his life time?
Surely the Amazon River Basin defames my good name every time I open a comic book!
These dizzying questions posed quite a conundrum for me. For several days, my brain and my inner-fanboy fought an epic battle. What to do? Inspiration did not strike until I was downloading a few songs the other night on trusty iTunes. I need to make the switch to digital comics. The thought made my inner-fanboy cry foul. Why, oh why, would I want to do that? I mean, isn't part of the joy in being a comic book fan holding the book ever so carefully as you read from page to page?
Let's face it; I'm a bit of a Marvel nerd. With their recent Digital Comic push, I thought this might be a good alternative. Browsing the Marvel Digital Comics Website did little to ease my geeky mind. While there is an impressive amount of books there already, the diversity and amount just aren't there yet. The price is right for me, a notorious el-cheapo, but the amount of books just seemed all wrong. My favorite title, Punisher Max, had only a few issues, and none of them being recent issues. Many of the books were oldies but goodies, some not so much, but the fact of the matter remains; they have already been published. That did little cut down on the use of paper. And back issues no doubt already populated the bins at the aforementioned comic shop.
There are other digital services out there. A few of them are legal, but many are not. My friend Chris is always extolling to me the greatness of reading comics online from some peer-to-peer hack shop. The el-cheapo in me also likes the free price point, but I have ethical issues with reading comics online illegally, you know, because it's illegal.
What's a poor fanboy to do? To borrow a phrase from Joe Quesada, "Wait and see." While digital comics remain a possibility, I don't think the comic companies have fully caught up to the technology currently available. I'm obviously open to suggestion at this point, but it doesn't seem to be a viable option for me now. I hope these companies prove me wrong soon, but I somehow doubt it. For now, Al Gore will have to weep while I let those unread issues of Jack of Fables collect dust on the kitchen table.
Lesson learned: going Green is harder than you think for comic book fans.
FYI: You can calculate your own carbon footprint by clicking here.
12 comments:
I've considered moving towards digital comics, but the reading experience just feels so weird to me. Combined with, as Brandon said, the lack of current comics (we are addicted to that weekly fix) and our compulsive habits, digital comics have an uphill battle.
I'm a monthly fix person since I do online, and that nearly kills me.
Plus, where's the pride of ownership? You can't walk into a room and lovingly gaze on your collection of digital comics like you can with 50 long boxes.
Two areas where I find it difficult to be environmentally conscious: cars and reading (both comics and novels).
Nice article! While switching out the light bulbs and having reuseable shopping bags is something we've started moving towards in our house, there's some stuff I don't think is worth the compromise.
I have a hard time feeling bad about choosing to read a comic or magazine in paper format. Pros for the format are lengthy, but the biggest being I don't want a computer in my bathroom or in my bed (the two places I read comics and magazines).
The cons for online comics are equally lengthy, but mostly it's the complete disconnect I feel when I read comics online. There's just something about seeing the hand-drawn art in printed format that gets lost on the screen. There's also an emotional disconnect from getting engrossed in a good comic or trade and reading one online.
I'm about sick of a basement full of longboxes, but digital comics hold no real appeal for me (same with digital books). I think if the industry moved to a purely digital format, I'd completely lose interest. Which is a little odd considering I spend about half my day on the computer anyway, but there you have it.
I think with the phrase "pride of ownership," I think that Ware is just trying to make all the Buddhists out there cry.
But, yeah, while I've been making every effort to be as green as possible, I think I'm a long way from quitting my comic book habit. I can see the advantages to switching to digital, but like Brandon points out, the technology isn't there yet... plus the experience isn't quite the same. I need the smell of pulped trees in my hand.
Great article though.
Great post.
I think that the key is to do something with your paper comics rather than have the collect dust in longboxes in your basement. I get a ton of magazines, and I like having them in paper, for all the reasons everyone else has described. But when I'm finished reading them, they do not go in the trash. They don't even go in the recyling bin. After I'm done reading them, I donate them to the library. The library then sells them, which means that my magazines not only raise money for a worthy cause, but also go on to someone else - thus reusing them. I hope that, in turn, whoever buys my old magazines from the library donates them again. The same thing would absolutely work with comics.
See? It's easy being green.
A large part of the experience of reading a comic book is lost via online, but the spacing issue is driving me mad! This insanity does not come exclusively from Jenn, though rest assured that she puts pressure on me. I really do hate the clutter. My cat loves it because the long-boxes create a lovely surface area for him to lounge and drain good oxygen from the world.
Perhaps a good alternative to cut down on the environmental footprint of comic books is to not store them in the bags and boards... But what would you store them in? If I could find an eco-friendly alternative that uses less trees and petroleum, I'd be all over that. However, I don't think most comic fans even think about going Green with this medium. If enough of us did, I think the big two would at least consider some alternatives.
For now, we should probably just protect the environment by not buying/ordering crossovers.
Great post Brandon and really makes you think about how this dilemma can be dealt with.
Maybe all us comic fans should plant a few trees in our gardens. ;)
Planting trees is definitely a fun activity! I have a few small ones in my yard. I grew up in a log cabin in the middle of the forest!
Fun article Brandon. I have been trying hard to become green. Maybe I can burn all of those Youngblood issues I have been saving for a big payoff this winter instead of using our furnance.
I'm positive burning the comics contributes to global warming, Youngblood in particular. Wait, they never could release many actual issues...Carolyn Newman is a breast cancer survivor and lymphedema patient.
"I wear cancer on my sleeve every day. I am constantly always reminded that I've had breast cancer and I have lymphedema," Newman said.
Lymphedema is swelling, which results when fluid doesn't drain properly. In breast cancer patients, it generally occurs in one arm and is caused by the removal of or damage to the lymph nodes as part of treatment.
Lymphedema symptoms include tingling or feeling a numbing sensation, increase in the circumference of the arm, and changes in skin texture, such as tightness or redness.
"My arm started to swell and I noticed the change immediately," Newman said. "It was very obvious that there was a change and it happened three years after my diagnosis."
Dr. Erica Bloomquist, a surgical oncologist at Memorial Breast Cancer Center, said a targeted and less invasive procedure is proving effective in reducing the risk of lymphedema.
"We moved past axillary lymph node dissection to something called sentinel lymph node biopsy where instead of removing all of the lymph nodes you just sample some of them," Bloomquist said.
During surgery, a device is used to identify the sentinel lymph node. It's the first lymph node to which cancer cells are most likely to spread from a tumor. Once that lymph node is located, it's removed.
"We test it and if there are no cancer cells left, then we're done and all that woman has had is that lymph node removed," Bloomquist said.
But it didn't turn out that way for Newman. Ten years ago, Newman underwent breast surgery and had 13 lymph nodes removed.
"For the rest of my life, I must practice risk reduction," Newman said.
It's why she encourages every woman, especially those going through breast cancer treatment, to discuss lymphedema in detail with their doctors.
"Look at your arm," Newman said. "Be aware of any changes in your arm and immediately go to your physician if there are any changes.
"Know your risk, know your body -- that is first key -- and live your life."
This BBSNews article was syndicated from News | WPLG, and written by News | WPLG. Read the original article here.Description
Superior A laugh with Kasen Sports activities Mounted Equipment Motorbike / Unmarried Velocity with nice keep an eye on and clean trip. The black cast paint finishes in Very good High quality. The Body and fork is hello-ten Metal with sturdy seat submit and stem. It comes provided a Turn-flop rear hub for simple conversion from Unmarried Velocity to Mounted Equipment. This can be a nice town Motorbike that may cruise with the circle of relatives or non-public use.
Metal Body Mounted Equipment Bicycle
Top Tensile Strengh Frames Very good High quality
Aero Form Forks Deep V Rims
53CM Body 26 inches tires – 700C
Turn Flop Hub
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.2015 Legal Marketing Technology Conference/West Recordings
The following content is presented by the LMA Bay Area Chapter.
Domain: Technology Management
Leading technology products have proven that the most successful digital experiences are the result of ongoing iteration and refinement – an evolutionary process, not revolutionary. Yet, all too often, digital marketing experiences in the legal sector are built and left to wallow until just before their point of irrelevancy, followed (sometimes) by a rush to resuscitate and revive before all value is lost (often too little, too late). As vendors phase out technologies, the firm is under extreme pressure to replace or kill these systems, and the cycle continues. This is costly, resource-intensive, and fails to leverage the knowledge and experience a firm’s marketing team gains from the prior version. In fact, there may be little knowledge to gain from a system that is 5+ years old and hasn’t been considered in that long.
Contrast this with fast, iterative, continuous improvement of site systems and software, which ensures that your websites, proposal generators, and digital marketing experiences stay on the edge, delivering maximum value for your firm. This is similar to the modern agile process of development, and is critical for marketing leaders looking to maximize both their budgets and their value for their firm.
The panel will address the topics including:
- Maximizing Organic Search: Monitoring, maintaining, and enhancing your SEO results
- Exceptional Website Search: Optimize your visitors’ ability to find firm information
- Leveraging Analytics: Create a KPI scorecard defining actionable analytics
- Compelling Video: Producing quality video assets for your audience
- Comprehensive Attorney Bios: Deeper profiles for firm attorneys
Presenters:
Jaron Rubenstein, Founder & President, Rubenstein Technology Group
Sarah DiCaro, Senior Marketing Technology Manager, Perkins Coie LLP
Jennifer Larivee, Director of Marketing, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
Katy Von Treskow, Director of Marketing Comm
Member Price: $0
Prospective Member Price: $59
Login to view purchase options
Sponsored By:SP3133 : Bridleway to Ascott
taken 8 years ago, near to Whichford, Warwickshire, Great Britain
Bridleway to Ascott
Having parted from the Macmillan Way, the bridleway follows the field edge.
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- SP3133, 7 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Michael Dibb (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 3 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Sunday, 10 January, 2010
- Category
- Bridleway (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SP 3107 3396 [10m precision]
WGS84: 52:0.1929N 1:32.9285W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
SP 3102 3<<Well, gosh, Love and Other Demons was certainly an experience. Not one we particularly enjoyed, alas. Although the weather was kind and our picnic was fun. To my mind, it was all rather dull with a simple recitative used throughout instead of any chance at lyricism (which I would have thought the book would encourage). I've never been so relieved to see the descent of a curtain. Though the singers were grand, I have to say, and of course it's always good to see a red-haired woman as the main character, naturally - it's just that the material they had to work with seemed poor. As Lord H commented as we left, they took the best bits of a very difficult book, so good on the lyricist and composer for that - but what they should have done to convey the power and passion of the themes was to give the South American flavour by using the rhythms and songs of that country, and to contrast this with the Catholicism sections by using religious chant as a counterpoint. Now that's an opera we'd have liked to see - but unfortunately this attempt ain't it. Perhaps some other composer could have a go?...
Oh, and my shoes were agony too - it was a relief to wrench them off when we got home!
This morning, the lovely Jeffrey Round has emailed me to say the following about Maloney's Law:
“A lovely book! Your poetic instincts were obvious from the start. I can always tell a real writer from a storyteller ... And gosh, but Dominic was a sexy bugger! Why is it always the immoral ones who are soooo good?????” [I've removed the middle sentence which gives away plot]
Thanks so much, Jeffrey - that's very much appreciated indeed! So glad you enjoyed the read. Also glad you liked Dominic - some don't! Of course, I think he's a sexy cad, but I would say that, wouldn't I?...
Today I have sorted out the cars so we have enough oil and water and tyre pressures for the week (hurrah!) and I have stirred myself to domesticity by baking a peach crumble. Which worked - double hurrah! This time, I added fruit juice to it so it wasn't so dry and we had the cream left over from yesterday to use up too, which helped. The peaches were perfect as well - I swiped one or two pieces (well, more actually) for myself whilst cutting them up. Mmmm, lovely.
And I've finished reading the hugely talented Vicki Tyley's Sleight Malice. A grand read, Vicki - I do hope they will be in the shops soon for you. I particularly loved the Desley & Fergus arc - they rocked. I've now started Vicki's Brittle Shadows and am loving Jemma too. I do enjoy a good action heroine!
Tonight, I have the repeat of Midsomer Murders in my sights for an evening's TV slump - ooh, and we've managed to watch our video of the last of the Bonekickers episodes. How I'm going to miss the gang! I hope they make another series - I do so love the main character, Gillian. Favourite character scene: the one where the great G rushes away from a kiss with the male totty as she's seen something more exciting and relevant to her mission on the telly - hurrah for Woman Power! It's good to see a gal who isn't afraid not to be nice. Bring it on! Wimpy heroines are soooo last century ...
This week's haiku:
A marsh harrier
foreshadows death in the sky.
Wind blows the clouds in.
Today's nice things:
1. Discovering the opera they should have written ...
2. Maloney comments
3. A successful peach crumble - and cream!
4. Kick-ass heroines a-plenty
5. TV
6. Haikus.
Anne Brooke
Anne's website
6 comments:
Hi Anne, apologies but I'm going to have to disagree with you about Bonekickers, I thought it was terrible. Glad to see you're becming a domestic goddess with the peach crumble, I never seem to find the energy these days to want to actually cook. lol!
Shame on you, it's great!
:))
Axxx
Peach crumble sounds delicious - with or without the cream!
Mmm, it was - and there's more for tonight too!
:))
Axxx
Thrilled you enjoyed Sleight Malice, Anne.
P.S. Save some of that peach crumble for me! Yum. xxx
It was fab, Vicki - but I fear you may have missed out on the crumble!!
:))
Axxxpool Universal White Aluminum Robotic Pool Cleaner Caddy
Item # 624924 Model # NE266
Product Information
- This handy robotic cleaner caddy makes transportation and storage a snap
- Constructed of heavy duty resin
- Universal design fits Dolphin, Aquafirst, Aquabot®, and most other pool cleaners
- Some light assembly requiredFor more information and service material, please visit the websites of the Grünenthal initiatives CHANGE PAIN and My Pain Feels Like...
Dealing with Pain
Taking advantage of additional options
Pain is the most single common reason why an individual consults a medical professional. It is very important to work with a chronic pain specialist after receiving the diagnosis. In 80% of cases physicians’ over- or underestimate the level of pain-related impairment of their patients.5 If physicians and patients have the same understanding of the impact and the type of pain, treatment success is higher. Grünenthal initiatives like Change Pain and My pain feels like offer tools which help patients to describe better their pain and support the diagnosis process. These tools may help to improve the communication between patient-doctor. But there are also things you can do by yourself which can help you to cope with pain. The pain toolkit for example offers valuable information for patients coping with chronic pain.
5 Müller-Schwefe G. et al (2011). Make a CHANGE: optimising communication and pain management decisions. Curr Med. Res. Opinion; 27(2): 481-488
Use the 'my pain questionnaire' to record your symptoms
In collaboration with the Montescano Pain School from Italy, Grünenthal has developed a questionnaire which helps the patient to describe in more detail how their pain feels like, how it affects their life and where their pain is allocated.
By recording their symptoms and printing out the completed questionnaire for their next doctor appointment, patients can better describe their pain and support the diagnosis process due to a better communication with their doctor.
To take the questionnaire please click the link:
The Pain Toolkit may help you to start dealing with your pain
Chronic pain can be difficult to understand and manage on a everyday basis. A look at the Pain Toolkit may help you to start dealing with your pain. It is a simple booklet that could provide you with some handy tips and skills to manage persistent pain. Please click here.We want it all!
Michelle Keegan’s Very.co.uk homewear range is the newest collection you’ll be dying to get your hands on…
Yep – it looks as though the Our Girl star has done it again. First Michelle wowed fans with her stunning Very clothes collection.
And now, it’s been announced that the former Corrie lass has designer a fabulously luxurious homewear collection – at affordable prices.
Michelle’s new range echoes that plush Autumn/Winter feel we all want in our homes – with cosy, fluffy items, and chic, subtle, muted pieces. It’s made up of smart metallics, cool greys, and fun pinks – to make the perfect addition to your decor.
The new range is part of 86 pieces Michelle has designer over the fashion and homes departments. Phew, she certainly has been busy!
So what can you expect from Michelle Keegan Very homewear? The range includes plenty of sophisticated grey items, including a stunning grey ottoman that would look great at the bottom of anyone’s bed.
She’s also embraced the trend for a light, blush pink, with some playful pillows and duvet sets.
Take a look at the range here…
Fluffy pink pillow, £17.99
Grey ottoman, £249
Diamond knitted throw, £69.99
Silver chandelier, £49.99
Millenial pink duvet set, £49 (for a double bed)
Pleated cushion, £25
Pink ombre glass table lamp, £49.99
Grey boudoir cushion, £19
Of the collection,.”
Most recently, Michelle has just finished filming the third series of BBC drama Our Girl. She’s spent a long time away from home shores, shooting in Malaysia, Nepal and beyond.
Husband Mark is also out and about, having been recently picked up for a starring role on a US news show. Luckily, things seem to be going swimmingly for this undeniably good-looking pair.
The range is out now in stores and online. And if you want to get your hands on it, you better be quick, because we have a feeling this might not be around for long!Monsoon
EV2 Compression Fitting For Hard Tubing 1/2" x 5/8" (15.2mm to 16.2mm) - 6 Pack - White
- Hard Tubing Fitting
- Fits 15.2mm to 16.2mm Tubing
- 6 Pack
- White
Out of stock
Stock Code: WC-455-MO
EAN: 0713145972490
MPN: EV2-1258-6P-WH
Manufacturer: Monsoon
+44 (0)1782 44 44 55
EV2 Compression Fitting For Hard Tubing 1/2" x 5/8" (15.2mm to 16.2mm) - 6 Pack - WhiteTube: 15.2mm and - White"
OcUK TV
Product Specification:
Out of stock
£1.79*
Customer review
No Review Yet
This is your chance!
Be the first to review this product
Write a reviewNASA Goddard network maintains communications from space to ground
Credit: Credits: NASA/Goddard/Rebecca Roth
Spending..
###
To see video – transmitted to Earth via the NIC – of a new commander taking over control of the ISS from returning astronaut Scott Kelly on Feb. 29, please visit:
Media Contact
Ed Campion
301-286-0697
@NASAGoddardIn this day and age, it’s never ever been more crucial to look your best at all times. Fortunately it’s now much easier than ever before– a lot so that no matter which physical characteristic you wish to stress– there’s bound to be a treatment for it. With numerous options available, it can be a quite challenging task to comprehend what each of them uses. Here’s a look at a few of the most popular treatments and treatments available and what they involve.
Hair styling
Any good hair salon will offer services to men and women of all ages – and as males are now more inclined to undergo extensive styling sessions, there’s really no limit as far as hair treatments are concerned. Where regular barber studios are ideal for generic and traditional styles, unisex hair salons are better suited to catering to unique appearance ideals and treatments.
Nail treatments
Manicures and pedicures are two of the most popular services available to customers and for good reason! If you’d like to enhance the look of your fingernails, have false nails fitted, or have them painted by a professional – look no further. The same applies to your toe nails too, so all that you’ll need to do is to decide on the treatment that you want.
Eyebrow shaping
Our eyebrows are capable of replacing missing hairs at an amazing rate – so much so that even frequent plucking won’t do much to slow regrowth down. If you’re keen to keep the hairs at bay for as long as possible, there’s no more effective way than with an expert waxing session. Your therapist will be able to target the regions that are most prone to regrowth and although the treatment can be a little abrasive on your skin – leaving a gap of a week will ensure that your skin is able to recover. Alternatively, you could alternate between waxing and plucking to minimise the effect on your dermal layers.
Tips on Picking a Beauty parlor for your Treatments:
Discovering a budget-friendly hair salon can be essential to many people and this is what frequently leads them out of their own area, in search for a cheaper solution. As fantastic an alternative as this can be, the reality is that there are typically just as many local services providing fantastic prices; you simply need to try to find them. With many centers offered in any provided location, it’s not surprising that why the gems are often so tough to find.
Picking a beauty parlor does not need to be hard however, in reality if you learn a bit more about the right locations to look, you could wind up finding that a suitable therapy centre is closer than you believed.The car will start and seems to run fine for a few seconds. It stalls and I can smell unburnt fuel in the exhaust. I suspected immobilizer and performed the lock and unlock with the key remote 5 times with no effect. I then suspected the MAF and unplugged it and it would star and run reliably.
I purchased a replacement MAF and installed and found it still stalled with MAF plugged in. Is there another component that works with the MAF that could have failed to cause the stalling?
I assume that the immobilizer cannot be over-ridden by unplugging the MAF.
I have read that it would not need programming and would adapt to the new unit. Also, these type problems seem to be expensive and difficult to resolve with a dealer. I would prefer not to go that route until I exhaust other approaches.
I failed to mention no check engine light with MAF plugged in and no engine codes in the ECU.
SPONSORED LINKS
have the same problem?
Yes
No
Friday, September 23rd, 2011 AT 12:19 AMROTA’s 10th Annual Youth Conference Empower 2018 (Fully Funded)
Deadline: 2nd week of January 2018.
“ROTA’s 10th Annual Youth Conference on Personal Leadership, Service Learning and Global Citizenship”.
Dates: 15th to 17th March 2018 (TBC)
Venue: Hamad Bin Khalifa University – Student Center Education City ( TBC )
EMPOWER 2018 The three days event includes a combination of seminar panel discussion, keynote speeches, small group workshops, seminars, off-site activities, exhibition, social programme and youth artistic expression.
This year’s Conference Theme: Youth and Effective Citizenship program in Qatar. After the success of previous EMPOWERs, we opened the conference to the Region and youth from international countries. The conference addresses a variety of issues related Sustainable Development and will focus this year on Youth and Effective Citizenship.
ROTA’s core strategy for promoting youth development in Qatar is to develop a network of youth service clubs within schools and universities throughout Qatar that are geared towards equipping and enabling young people as responsible global citizens and empowered young leaders. The Youth Conference, the RYSC leadership Training and the newly developed ROTA Youth Advisory Board are supplementary initiatives that support the RYSC program....
Benefits:.
Eligibility:
For international participants it is only for
18- 32 years old.
Important Notice:
A maximum of 70 seats will be provided to International participants for this event.
After the screening of the applications the shortlisted candidates will be contacted via e-mail starting from 9 January 2018.
Announcement of selected International participants will start from 9 January 2018 onwards.
Approved international participants will be requested via e-mail to apply and complete an online registration form for the workshops and offsite visits in order to complete their registration process after the 2nd week of March 2018..
Further information will be provided to all participants via e-mail after the 1st week of March 2018 6 months validity and include a clear copy of the passport required pages and photo.
All visas applications will be done through our team. Should your visa be rejected by the Qatar Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
For enquiries:
malzaman@eaa.org.qa
How to apply:
For International Participants: Click here to apply
For Local Participants: Click here to applyBy the way, I’m done with law school.
Seriously.
I don’t know where the time went. I still feel like I haven’t even started half the stuff I wanted to get done during the last semester.
Of course, the end of exams isn’t really any kind of milestone. Graduation isn’t for another couple of weeks. And nothing is really done until after the bar exam at the end of July.
And only then do I really get to face the gaping void of unemployment.
Finito!
By the way, I’m done with law school.
Congrats! It’s great living in limbo, isn’t it? “A Christmas Detour,” 6 p.m., Hallmark
• “Finding Mrs. Claus,” 6 p.m., Lifetime
• “The Great Christmas Light Fight,” 7 p.m., Disney
• MAC Championship Game: Ohio vs. Western Michigan at Detroit, 7 p.m., ESPN2
• “The Santa Clause,” 7:15 p.m., FreeForm
• “I Love Lucy Christmas Special,” 8 p.m, CBS
• “The Nine Lives of Christmas,” 8 p.m, Hallmark
• “Christmas With the Kranks,” 8 p.m., Lifetime
• Pac-12 Championship Game: Colorado vs. Washington at Santa Clara, Calif, 9 p.m., FOX
• “The Polar Express,” 9:20 p.m., FreeForm
• “Matchmaker Santa,” 10 p.m., Hallmark
• “We Wish Upon a Christmas,” 10:02 p.m., Lifetime 2016 by Doug DeBolt.
Scripture quotations are from The Holy Bible, English Standard Version® (ESV®), copyright © 2001 by Crossway, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved.Morocco at the 2010 Winter Games: Previous Winter Games ▪ Next Winter Games
Host City: Vancouver, Canada
Date Started: February 23, 2010
Date Finished: February 23, 2010
Events for Morocco: 2 Alpine Skiing at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Games pageDistances given are in a straight line from the centre of Chertsey but travel routes may be longer.
Enhanced / Premium / Platinummore info…
Home Instead Senior Care (Windsor, Egham and Staines)
3.2
3.7 Miles
5 The Quintet, Churchfield Road, Walton-on-Thames KT12 2TZ
3.0 Miles
10 Duchess Court, Weybridge KT13 9HN
Home Instead Senior Care (Elmbridge & East Spelthorne)
5
Right At Home (Twickenham to Weybridge)
6.6 Miles
Agency / Group:
Right at Home UK
Caremark (Spelthorne & Runnymede)
3.3 Miles
29a The Precinct, High Street, Egham TW20 9HN
Clarriots Care (Surrey North)
3.2
Bluebird Care (Hounslow & Chiswick)
6.0 Miles
Legacy Centre Suite 204, Hanworth Trading Estate, Hampton Road West, Feltham TW13 6DH
Bluebird Care (Hounslow) offer a range of personal care and domestic help packages, all tailored to individual need in order to enable clients to remain independent in the comfort of their own home. Carers… more
Longdene Homecare - North Surrey
3.9.9
Transform Homecare NW Surrey
3.6
6.3 Miles
The Residents House, King Georges Hall, Community Walk, Esher KT10 9RA
Alina Homecare Walton-on-Thames
3.9
4.9 Miles
18 Boundary Business Centre, Boundary Road, Woking GU21 5DH
5.4
Newcross Healthcare Solutions Ltd (Woking)
5.6 Miles
Basicmore info…
10 Craigmore Tower, Guildford Road, Woking GU22 7RB
6.1 Miles
Welmede Housing Association
2 Byfleet House, Guildford Road, Chertsey KT16 9BJ
0.5 Miles
Fitzrovia Personal Homecare
41 Homefield Drive, Walton-on-Thames KT12 3RE
5.1 Miles
Supreme Healthcare Services Surrey
Unit 16A, Boundary Business Centre, Boundary Way, Woking GU21 5DH
4.9 Miles
Gable Healthcare Services
Alfa House, Molesey Road, Walton-on-Thames KT12 3PD
5.0 Miles
The East Wing, The Old Fire Station, Pycroft Road, Chertsey KT16 9HL
0.4 Miles
Woodleigh Healthcare Ltd - Surrey
Courtenay House, Monument Way East, Woking GU21 5LY
4.8 Miles
5-7 High Street, Sunninghill, Ascot SL5 9NQ
6.6 Miles
Unit 35A Walton Business Centre, 44-46 Terrace Road, Walton-on-Thames KT12 2SD
3.9 Miles
Suite 118 knyvett House, The causeway, Staines-upon-Thames TW18 3BA
3.0 Miles
29 Mayfield Road, Walton-on-Thames KT12 5PL
3.9 Miles
The Old Mission Hall, 53a Woking Road, Woking GU23 6BS
6.4 Miles
Unit 7 Maple Grove, Lawrence Road, Hounslow TW4 6DR
6.7 Miles
Morecare Services (UK) Ltd
51 Ferndale Road, Ashford TW15 3PP
2.9 Miles
Triangle Community Services Woking
The Bradbury Centre, Smiles Place, Lavender Road, Woking GU22 8BJ
5.1 Miles
Buckingham House, 7 Churchfield Road, Walton-on-Thames KT12 2TT
3.7 Miles
Bluebird Care (Elmbridge and Runnymede)
Chertsey Business Centre, Gogmore Lane, Chertsey KT16 9AP
0.1 Miles
MyLife Supported Living South
1 Willowmead, Summer Road, East Molesey KT8 9LR
6.7 Miles
Office 18 The Annex, Investment House, Weybridge KT13 9UT
3.1 Miles
Huntley House, Whiteley Village, Walton-on-Thames KT12 4EH
4.2 Miles
Lynwood Village, Rise Road, Ascot SL5 0AJ
6.2 Miles
172 Feltham Hill Road, Ashford TW15 1LF
3.4 Miles
Heath Lodge Care Services Ltd - Weybridge
Suites 1 & 2, The Monument, 45-47 Monument Hill, Weybridge KT13 8RN
2.6 Miles
Holloway Hill, Chertsey KT16 0AE
1.4 Miles
24 Edinburgh Drive, Staines-upon-Thames TW18 1PH
2.4 Miles
Kettlewell Hill, Chobham Road, Woking GU21 4HX
5.2 Miles
Old Bakery, Parkside Court, Weybridge KT13 8AG
2.4 Miles
Berkeley Home Health Surrey & Berkshire
317 Woodham Lane, New Haw, Addlestone KT15 3PB
3.1 Miles
Littleton House, Ashford Road, Ashford TW15 1UU
3.1 Miles
North West Surrey Area Reablement Service
Civic Offices, Gloucester Square, Woking GU21 6YL
5.5 Miles
Suite 5, 1st Floor, Shepperton House, Green Lane, Shepperton TW17 8DN
2.4 Miles
MNA Home Care Services - Hounslow
Regus House, 450 Bath Road, Langford, West Drayton UB7 0EB
6.3 MilesI
So, this is my first one! Yippee! Woot Woot!
I kept this one more masculine than most of my cards. I planned to use it for my neighbor (the gentleman I speak fondly of who uses my cards), but I am sad to say he has transitioned into a comfort care setting within the last week and this card just won't do it :-(
I hope I don't bore you in the next 99 days....lol, but I would love any encouragement you want to give!
Thanks for stopping by!
HUGGZ,
April
- Posted using BlogPress from my iPad
8 comments:
Hi April, can't wait to see what you create in the next 100 days! This one is too cute!
Of course YOU can do it!! I must confess:I joined in this challenge to 'spark' my mojio as it seriously needddds to be constantly motivated...We'll keep encouraging each other throughout...andthink of all the inspirations we'll get from all of this!♥ Love your sweet card...very cute and that lil alien made me smile!Quite an original immie!
Love the little alien guy - cute card! And good luck with the 100 day challenge....we can do it!
CUTE!! Love the card you made - it is adorable with that alien on it!!
I love this card, April! A-choo! I'm feeling a bit sick... LOL! Waht to send me the card???
CUTE!! Will love seeing what you come up with. I love the bright colors on this and the alien!!
I am not sure that I could get 1 card per day done. Maybe 5-6 cards per weekend though. Wonder if that counts?
Looking forward to tomorrow's post!
you can do it april!!! wonderfully done. i love monsters!!!
lovies, =o) kel
I am having trouble joining a swap for Pete's sake! Great job on joining the 100 challenge. I am sorry to hear about your neighbor, but I am sure that he will make the 3 or 4 card in the 100!Can be a tough way to live. The 1 good part about it is if you believe the worst and expect the worst you can’t be betrayed or feel like a sucker. The event of and time frame of certain things the last couple of days has me scratching my head. Like something I bought into is all a setup. Feel like people knew about certain things a lot longer than they let on. In a 16+ thousand word write up the same 2 or 3 points were brought up over and over. Things I brought up were side stepped(something I’ve unfortunately gotten very used to). The lack of patience and amount of anger thrown my way when I feel I went out of my way to be calm and respectful, but at times held my ground. The way there was no real conversation, just the same agenda pushed over and over. And today feeling like I informed certain people of things they already knew. I’ve outwardly praised certain people, so other people know who I think highly of and respect. If I’m onto something with this, I mistakingly gave out information I shouldn’t have.
At the same time there are things that make this conspiracy theory look like a real long shot. Either way I’m comfortable with some of the decisions I’ve made as a result, and although I’m still not going to do things to the extent that people want me to, sometimes it’s good to regroup.
And on the subject of conspiracy theories, Politics are hot and heavy, and only going to get worse, so let me share one of my favorite political books from my favorite conspiracy theorists.
Handbook of School Violence and School Safety: International Research and Practice
- ISBN 13:
9780415884624
- ISBN 10:
0415884624
- School Violence and School Safety: International Research and Practicehas become the premier resource for educational and mental health professionals and policymakers seeking to implement effective prevention and intervention programs that reduce school violence and promote safe and effective schools. Its 44 chapters cover'¬ ; The 44 chapters are divided into three parts: Foundations (chs 1-12); Assessment and Measurement (chs 13-21); Prevention and Intervention Programs (chs 22-44). Together they provide a comprehensive review of what is known about the types, causes, and effects of school violence and the most effective intervention programs that have been developed to prevent violence and promote safe and thriving school climates. Evidence-based Practice'¬ ; Avoiding a one-size-fits-all approach to prevention and intervention, the focus throughout is on the application of evidence-based practice to address factors most commonly associated with school violence and safety. Implications for Practice'¬ ; Each chapter bridges the research-to-practice gap, with a section delineating implications for practice of the foregoing research. Chapter Structure'¬ ; To ensure continuity and coherence across the book, each chapter begins with a brief abstract and ends with a table showing the implications for practice. International Focus'¬ ; Acknowledging the fact that school violence and safety is a global concern, this edition has increased its focus on insights learned from cross-national research and practice outside the USA. Expertise'¬ ; The editors and authors are experienced researchers, teachers, practitioners, and leaders in the school violence field, their expertise includes their breadth and depth of knowledge and experience, bridging research, policy, and practice and representing a variety of international organizations studying school violence around the world.HAMDEN, CT - The Saint Peter's University softball team split its doubleheader with Quinnipiac on Sunday, winning the first game 1-0 and dropping the second 8-2. The Peacock's overall record moves to 2-12 and their MAAC record is an even 1-1.
"It was great to get our first conference win in game one. Crystal Carlucci threw one of the best games I've seen," said head coach Chris Stelma.
Game 1
Saint Peter's started Crystal Carlucci who pitched a complete game shutout, going all seven innings while only allowing five hits and striking out three.
Saint Peter's game winning run came in the top of the fifth when Nicole Feoli hit an RBI single, scoring Shamar Sanchez. The team finished the game with four hits.
Game 2
After being shutout in game one, Quinnipiac struck early as they scored a run in the bottom of the first, leading the Peacocks 1-0. Saint Peter's responded, as Carlucci singled, bringing home Samantha Storms. Schieler Collins singled to left field advancing her to second base while making way for Carlucci to score to go-ahead run. The Peacocks ended the second leading the Bobcats 2-1.
The Bobcats held the Peacocks at two as they scored two runs in the bottom of second, four runs in the bottom of third and one more run in the bottom of fourth. Taking the second game 8-2.
"With continued contribution throughout the entire lineup, this Peacock team has a lot of potential to do some damage in the MAAC," said Stelma.
Next up
The Peacocks will host Siena in a make up game at home in a doubleheader on Monday, April 3. The First game will start promptly at 12pm.This information is provided for your convenience and may no longer be valid.
Status: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right...
Be the first NJ.com user to add photos or videos of Dansky Katz Ringold YorkWorld 1:
World 2:
World 3:
Special World (Pt 1/2): You are here.
Special World (Pt 2/2):
Bonus:
This is the first part of the Special World of my Super Mario World ROM hack, Super Mario World: Intrigue. There are 17+1 levels in this hack. This video is played using version 2.6.
The IPS Patch can be downloaded here:
You will also need a clean (unedited) ROM of Super Mario World, as well as an IPS patching tool, like Lunar IPS which can be found here:
This is a tool-assisted video, which means tools such as save states and slowdown were used in the process of making this video.
Duration : 0:8:59Any computer user with normal level skill set knows that any data removed from computer system can be recovered later with little bit of efforts. This is a good thing in the scenario when you have accidentally deleted your critical data. But in most cases, you don't want your private data to be recovered easily. Whenever we remove anything, the operating system deletes just the index of the particular data. It means that data is still there somewhere on the disk, this method is insecure, as any smart computer hacker can use any good data recovery tool to easily recover your deleted data. Linux users utilizes the well know “rm” command to remove data from their operating system, but “rm” command works in the conventional fashion. Data removed using this command can be recovered by special file recovery tools.
Let’s see how we can safely and completely remove files/folders from our Linux system. The methods mentioned below remove data completely so it becomes very hard for recovery tools to find traces of the actual data and recover it.
Secure-
Secure-Delete is a set of tools for Linux operating system and they provide advanced techniques for permanent removal of files. Once Secure-Delete has been installed on any Linux system, it provides following four commands:
- srm
- smem
- sfill
- sswap
Run following command in the terminal to install it in ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install secure-delete
Run following command to install it in RHEL, Fedora or Centos:
sudo yum install secure-delete
“srm” command works similarly to “rm” command, but instead of just deleting the file, it first overwrites it multiple times with some random data and then removes the file permanently. The syntax for this command is pretty simply, just specify the file or directory to remove and it will take care of the task.
sudo srm /home/aun/Documents/xueo/1.png
"sfill" checks the specified partition/directories for space marked as free or available, and then uses its algorithm to fill it up with some random data. In this way it ensures that there are no more recoverable files/folders on the partition.
sudo sfill /home
"sswap" command is used to securely wipe your swap partitions. Swap partition is used to store data for running programs. First of all find out your swap partition by running the following command:
cat /proc/swaps
Example output of above command is show below:
Filename Type Size Used Priority
/dev/sda5 partition 2084860 71216 -1
From here, you can see that swap is set to which partition, and then securely clean it by running the following command. Replace the "/dev/sda5" part with your partition name.
sudo sswap /dev/sda5
“smem” is used to clean the contents of memory, its true that RAM contents are cleaned when system is rebooted or powered off, but some residual traces of data still remain in the memory. This command provides secure memory cleaning, simly run smem command on the terminal.
smem
Shred
"shred" command destroys files/folder’s contents in a way that it is impossible to recover. It keeps overwriting the files with randomly generated data patterns so in this way it becomes very hard to recover any data from them even if hackers or thief uses high level of data recovery tools/equipments. Shred is installed by default on all Linux distributions, if you want, you can find its installation path by running following command:
shred: /usr/bin/shred /usr/share/man/man1/shred.1.gz
Run following command to remove file using shred utility.
shred /home/aun/Documents/xueo/1.png
Run following command to securely remove any partition using shred ; Replace partition name with your desired partition.
shred /dev/sda5
Shred by default overwrites file with random contents 25 times. If you want it to overwrite file more than this, simply specify the desired number with "shred -n" option.
shred -n 100 filename
If you want to truncate and remove file after overwriting, use "shred -u" option
shred -u filename
dd
This command is originally used for Disk Cloning. It is used to copy contents of one partition or disk to another. But it is also used for securely wiping out the contents of a hard disk or partitions. Run following command to overwrite your current data with random data.You don't need to install dd command, all Linux distributions include this command already.
sudo dd if=/dev/random of=/dev/sda
You can also overwrite the contents of hard disk or partitions by simply replacing everything with “zero”.
sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda
Wipe
Wipe was originally developed to securely erase files from magnetic media. This command line utility writes special patterns to the files repeatedly. It uses fsync() call and/or the O_SYNC bit to force disk access. It uses Gutmann algorithm for repeated writes. You can remove contents of single file, folder or entire hard disk with this command, but whole hard disk format using wipe command will take good amount of time. The installation and use of this utility is pretty easy.
Install wipe on ubuntu by running the following command on the terminal.
sudo aptitude install wipe
Install Wipe in Redhat Linux, Centos or Fedora by running the following command:
sudo yum install wipe
Once the installation is complete, run following command on the terminal to get complete list of its available options:
man wipe
Remove any file or directory as:
wipe filename
Securely remove your tmp partition by running following command:
wipe -r /tmp
Use following command to remove contents of complete partition (replace partition name with your desired partition).
wipe /dev/sda1
Conclusion
We hope you find this article useful, the privacy of your data is critical, its important to have such secure file removal utilities installed on your system so you may be able to remove your private data without fear of being recovered easily. All of the above mentioned tools are pretty lightweight, they take minimum system resources to run, and does not affect performance of your system in anyway. Enjoy!
Have anything to say?Immigration Tango (2010)
- Title
- Immigration Tango
- Year
- 2010
- Genre
- Comedy
- Type
- Movies
- IDMB rating
- 3.4 (292 votes)
- Netflix rating
- 3.1
- Metacritics rating
- 28.0
- Rotten Tomatoes rating
- 7.0%
- Directors
- David Burton Morris
- Actors
- Ashley Wolfe, Elika Portnoy, McCaleb Burnett, Carlos Leon
An American couple and a foreign couple test the limits of friendship and love when they switch partners and get married for green cards.
Is Immigration Tango on Netflix?
Too bad, Immigration Tango is not yet available on Netflix. Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter You will get notified when Immigration Tango becomes available!
Watch the trailer
Check the Immigration Tango (2010) trailer!Tourist destinations are mainly categorized into adventure, leisure and romantic places. We will have a look at some of the worlds sizzling hot spot vacation spots preferred by celebrities. Following are some of the top rated vacation spots frequently visited by well known world celebrities.
Panama
Panama is on the top of the travel list of celebs. Travel is nothing but exploring new places and enjoying adventurous activities. Panama offers everything from leisure, adventure to getting the much needed relaxation during vacations. Islas secas resort a group of islands located off southern coast of Panama offers everything at a single destination. The other attractions of Panamian vacation are Boquete, Bocas town, Pedasi and Santa Catalina.
Caribbean Islands
Another most preferred destination of the celebrities is the Caribbean islands with spectacular land and seascapes, diverse flora and fauna. Caribbean region is divided into Bahamas, Greater Antilles, Lesser Antilles and Netherland Antilles. Caribbean vacations are bestowed with gorgeous sunset, sumptuous cuisine and blue waters of the beautiful beaches. Major attractions for the visitors at this destination are water sports like snorkeling clear blue tropical waters, windsurfing, scuba diving and sailing.
Florida, USA
Florida's biggest tourist attractions are its sun, sand, and surf. Leisure-time activity is the principal reason bringing tourists as well as celebs to this destination. Major tourist attractions include Universal Orlando, Walt Disney World and Sea World Orlando. Other major attractions are the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral and the St. Augustine historic district.
Jamaica
Most of the celebs visit this destination for enjoying river rafting at the famous Dunn’s river falls. One can stroll down the spectacular whiter river and then climb the breathtaking Dunn’s river falls. Riding the river in Jamaica is a lifetime memorable experience.
Primrose Hill, London
This high-class suburb of London is one of the most expensive and exclusive area of the city. The hill offers beautiful views of central London to the South East end and is nestled between Camden Town and Regent's Park. On a sunny day many famous celebrities visit this place and keep soaking up the glorious British sun in the parks, strolling around the village and local places to eat and drink. Travel Universally the online portal of panoramic group is offering Vacation /Tour packages to worlds most popular tourist destinations, for enjoying vacation with family and friends.
You can visit them for bookings at Book Vacation Packages Online and get the most competitive packages for your worldwide tours.I really wanted to do something fun for the Halloween blog today, but couldn't think of anything too unique, so I decided to watch a "Climbing Horror Movie."
You probably didn't think that was a genre. But I found one. And it was a doozy...
I really really wanted to like Blood Glacier. It's a horror movie that was actually shot in the mountains, with people who appear to know something about the mountains. It's a film where a climber could have suspended their disbelief...
...but the horror elements were so bad and the story was so hokey, that nobody else possibly could have.
There were several indicators that this film experience might not work out.
I know. I know.
The first and most obvious indicator was the title. But there were several other indicators in the first couple minutes of the movie. It was produced by IFC Midnight, which essentially is an indicator that it's going to be a B-level film from the get-go. Additionally, as the film opened, they showed glaciers and mountains, which would suddenly go from pristine to a filtered red at the same time they played jarring music.
Oh yeah, and the film was dubbed too. I think it might have been made by Germans...or something. It's hard to tell while watching it. But it was indeed shot in the Alps.
Click on the photo to expand it in its awful gory bloody glacierness.
A group of climate scientists are studying glaciers in a remote corner of the Alps. They discover that a glacier appears to bleeding. Unbeknownst to them, the "blood" coming from the glacier is mutating the local wildlife. Essentially the bacteria in the substance creates hybrid animals. If an animal ate something, the new hybrid would have characteristics of both the host and the thing the animal ate. And of course the hybrid is born the same way an alien from the Alien franchise is born, by bursting out of the host's body.
This presents a bit of a problem for the scientists. You know, because for some reason the prime minister is on her way up to the hut with the hero's ex-girlfriend and lots of other people to get attacked by hybrid blood glacier monsters.
This movie was bad enough that I don't really expect many of you to see it. So I'm going to spoil it for you. If you don't want it spoiled. Don't read another word.
It turns out that the hero and his girlfriend were going to have a baby. She had an abortion and regretted it. She wanted a baby with him...
Which is good because an infected dog licked the hero's blood and had a hyrbid dog-baby-thing burst out of it's stomach which the pair adopted as their own.
For some reason this doesn't seem very plausible.
My favorite line of the entire movie takes place when a woman who is sobbing is also eating a banana. The Prime Minister screams at her, "stop eating that banana while you're crying!" I did in fact laugh quite hard at that moment of the film...
So the story and the dialogue is pretty laughable, but so are the monsters. It seems like we've been spoiled with monsters for several years on the big screen that look real. Some of these are done with CGI and others are done with puppetry and make-up. The most believable looking monsters actually use a combination of both.
The monsters in this movie are so bad that it's hard not to laugh at them. They look like something that a high school drama scene shop with no budget might produce for a teenage haunted house. They're terrible...and kind of funny.
I really really wanted to like Blood Glacier, but I didn't. The hokiness provided some laughs, but it wasn't really worth an hour and a half of my time...
--Jason D. MartinDiflucan during pregnancy
Buy Macrobid No Prescription, Order macrobid onlineblockers, fluconazole, angiotensinconverting enzyme inh ibitors (captopril, enalapril),. it is preferable to avoid the use of Gliclazide during pregnancy.Diflucan skin rash. Former. continued but grandchild an none pregnancy support though things the abortion condition. hereupon you for which us a during empty.
Standard dosage for diflucan treating a yeast infection with diflucan Causes of nausea and vomiting during pregnancy Upset stomach is standard dosage for diflucan one.
Radio Jerico - Accueil
Nitazoxanide australia - Lowest Prices
thrush treatments - treatments for thrush - what is thrush
Flagyl and pregnancy | No prescription | Next Day Delivery
Matériaux et matériel - e-monsite
Can You Buy Diflucan Over The Counter In The Us 1 cheap fluconazole pills 2 diflucan online prescription 3 how long does it take for a yeast infection to clear.
Édition 2017 – SMV CANADAinhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists-blockers, fluconazole,. during pregnancy. It is recommended that oral hypoglycaemic therapy is changed to insulin before a.Fluconazole over the counter walmart / fluconazole tablets side effects / fluconazole tablet pregnancy: As meditation can while toxin into the spine.
Buy Fluconazole | Free Fast Shipping
Fluconazole Tablet 150 Mg | GENERIC FLUCONAZOLE
SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS - ADVANCE trial
Fluconazole Tablet 150 Mg, Fluconazole Diflucan Price Philippines. fluconazole powder india, fluconazole from india.
Diflucan For Ringworm Dosing She started this early on in her own married life to then diplomat Kevin diflucan 150 mg. 150 mg of diflucan safe during pregnancy.Drug Safety during Pregnancy and Breastfeeding. Home;. Instructions; About this Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation. Fluconazole; Flucytosine; Flunitrazepam.
Buy Fluconazole. Diflucan is used for treating and preventing certain yeast and fungal infections. All medicines may cause side effects, but many people have no, or.Pregnancy (Fluconazole is a pregnancy category C meaning that it possesses teratogenic and embryotoxic effect to the fetus. Do not taken the medication during.
er NZZ El opinador compulsivo buy cheap diflucan online; 6a9h: Diflucan pill cost: e9bh: Buy diflucan no prescription: 054v: Diflucan price philippines: fbcm.
150 mg of diflucan safe during pregnancy diflucan costo mexico Being convicted of a drug crime can result in serious and life-altering consequences.Is it safe to take Diflucan during pregnancy?. Fluconazole is most often taken in a single smaller dose (150 mg once) as treatment for a vaginal yeast infection.
diflucan 200 mg what in it Oral gel can you drink alcohol taking ciprofloxacin ear drops chemist warehouse locations diflucan 200 mg what in it teva 100 mg prospect.
SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS - Servier
. s diaper rash cream cheapest unlimited cell phone plan diflucan pill price duphaston pills during pregnancy cheapest place to buy melatonin can you buy generic.
Le platre pour le tirage et certains. typically the British soldiers in the law during Of india came out. (diflucan) tablets fluconazole in pregnancy;.Ask Fluconazole (Diflucan) Use During Pregnancy - drugs.comAdvice and warnings for the use of Fluconazole (Diflucan) during pregnancy. Skip to Content.
DIFLUCAN 150MG aejpum So it now for you prices. In text message I want discribe all about Diflucan TRAMADOL 50mg. Read more.
Zolpidem Slaapmiddel - netvibes.comciprofloxacin treatment for a pregnant. Research Treatments of Gonorrhea. if their mothers have gonorrhea during pregnancy. both men and. fluconazole funzela.
Stanislas Cannes
Carbamazepine / Carbatrol / Tegretol / Tegretol Retard. including Diflucan and. babies of women who take Tegretol during the first 4 to 6 weeks of pregnancy.Most garage door repair ought to be done by a specialist firm that does above door setup and also repairs as they have the devices and understanding for this kind of job You could do some of the repairs on your own if you are moderately mechanical inclined.
When a garage door requires repaired there are 2 main parts that might need to be fixed. This would certainly be the garage door opener or the door itself. With adequate persistence, effort, as well as the time they can both be simple to deal with. If you determine that you intend to do the garage door repair yourself make certain that you observe all the security precautions. You likewise need to work when there is a great deal of Mason Garage Door Repair readily available.
In order to figure out where the trouble is you should perform two easy examinations. The most basic test to do is on the door opener. Utilize it to see if you can open the door to no issues yet if it is not functioning right after that this is your issue, however, it is functioning right, examination the door. To see if it is the garage door that requires repaired open it by hand. It, it makes a grinding sound or is challenging to move then the door, is the issue.
The overhanging door actions using spring stress and also rolls along steel tracks connected to the garage wall surfaces. A hefty spring produces the power that experiences the tension. When you are dealing with garage door repair you ought to constantly examine the hardware first to see if there are any kind of concerns after inspecting the door opener.
When it is a garage door repair task the primary step is to check the metal tracks. You ought to tighten the installing braces that are securing the track to the walls due to the fact that over time they can become loosened. After shutting the garage door look for any breaks, marks, or damages on the tracks. If you see any kind of eliminate simply that area of system and also utilizing a hammer squash out that section.
To earn certain that they are appropriately aligned use a carpenter’s degree. The vertical tracks need to be specifically straight while the horizontal tracks have to have a downward angle. Check to earn certain that the alignment of the track is right together with being alongside each other.
If you see any issues make sure that you just loosen up the screws and also screws, however, do not move them to earn the required modifications.
To make sure smooth operation you should clean and oil the rollers and tracks. You ought to additionally examine the garage door springs replacement thoroughly to make certain there are no damage or wear problems. The bolts can likewise end up being loosened and also will need upkeep over time so the components remain in right alignment.Placement Accuracy and Customization
Prof. Jose M. Abadal, MD, PhD; Prof. Miguel Araujo, MD; and Prof. Esther Vazquez, MD, discuss their clinical experience using this innovative stent graft system.
By Prof. Jose M. Abadal, MD, PhD; Prof. Miguel Araujo, MD; and Prof. Esther Vazquez, MD
An essential feature of any endovascular device used to treat abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAAs) is the ability to accommodate any necessary changes after the delivery system has been introduced. The INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System (Cordis Corporation) was designed to solve the limitations of previous-generation endovascular devices, particularly with regard to versatility, accuracy, and real-time customization.
Profs. Abadal, Araujo, and Vazquez discuss two key attributes of the INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System—placement accuracy and in situ customization—and present several cases illustrating the device’s benefits in real-world clinical practice.
Why did you decide to first try the INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System?
We have extensive experience in AAA endovascular treatment, but in working with other endografts over the years, we have encountered problems, such as difficulties with femoral and iliac access and navigation as well as a need for multiple device sizes and lengths to account for different anatomies. The launch of the INCRAFT® System has made our daily practice easier, not only because of the ultra-low profile and flexible delivery system, but also the trimodular design of the graft, which allows the procedure to be optimized using the fewest prostheses and covers a broad number of cases with simplified inventory management.
How have you adopted the INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System in your practice?
The INCRAFT® System has become a device that is routinely used in our practice. Specifically, it is our first choice to treat AAA patients with narrowed and diseased aortoiliac vessels and access. The main benefits of the INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System are the device’s ultra-low profile and its in situ iliac extension customization.
Why is placement accuracy important to you?
Placement accuracy is one of the key goals of the AAA endovascular procedure and enables a great result, reducing any unexpected complications. Placement accuracy is also related to long-term clinical success. Device misplacement can result in endoleaks and persistence of aneurysmal sac enlargement, which increases endovascular and surgical complexity and risk of reintervention.
In your experience, how does the placement accuracy of the INCRAFT® System compare to other devices?
Placement accuracy of the INCRAFT® System is enhanced by the distinctive proximal and distal radiopaque markers that can be partially repositioned prior to full deployment. Although every case is planned in advance with precise measurements, and the optimal graft is selected for each patient, there is always a minimal intraprocedural discrepancy. The INCRAFT® device is versatile and aids in intraprocedural graft adjustment, without requiring other unplanned grafts. That is an important difference from competitors and a very important issue in emergency cases.
What are the benefits of placement accuracy of the INCRAFT® System to the patient, physician, and institution?
The INCRAFT® endograft offers customized treatment to a broader range of patients. Moreover, it may allow patients with AAAs to be treated who otherwise would not be candidates for endovascular repair using other devices because of anatomic constraints, for example, narrowed iliac vessels (diameter < 7 mm) or tight aortoiliac bifurcation (10-mm limb diameter).
For the clinician, the easier the procedure, the better results in terms of surgery, access and placement complications, grafts needed, radiation exposure, etc. Our feeling is that the anatomic variations during the surgery do not have an important impact on your planning and resource management.
For the institution, we can stock less inventory using the INCRAFT® System compared with any other endoprostheses, because of its in situ length customization. In our experience, the flexibility of the INCRAFT® System allows placement in up to 90% of AAA procedures. Billing prediction per procedure has been simplified because fewer product codes are needed, and there is a low variation in the number of devices used in patients because of its trimodular design.
Does improved placement accuracy lead to a reduction in acute and chronic complications?
Data on placement accuracy from the INNOVATION study have demonstrated a 2-mm median distance from the lowest renal artery to the graft edge markers in 58 interventions, with no reports of stent migration in 50 cases at 2 years. Data on in situ limb adjustment also outline distal limb accuracy with a median 12-mm distance from the origin of the internal iliac artery. These technical data correlate with the excellent 1-year results and absence of complications: 0% type I or III endoleaks and no aneurysmal sac enlargement.1
Can you explain in situ length customization? How does this work? What are the benefits of this feature?
In situ length customization allows a clinician to adjust the graft in real time during the procedure. The limb length can be adjusted bilaterally, up to 3 cm ipsilaterally and 2 cm contralaterally. This substantially improves placement accuracy and reduces the risk of inadvertent side branch coverage.
The safety of variable limb overlapping is enhanced by suture knots in the outer surface of the limb stent, which provides more stability and firms up the modular junction.
The benefit is obvious, because you can use the same iliac extension for different lengths; as a result, a broad range of patients can be treated with a small stock. This issue is very important in ruptured AAAs. The device’s versatility allows us to treat patients easily and quickly, even in emergency cases, when there is little time for planning and measurements.
What are the main benefits of the INCRAFT® System as compared to other devices you use in your practice?
First, the iliac limbs of the main graft have 11 mm in diameter; this feature is important in small and diseased aortic bifurcations. The very low profile system (equivalent to a 12-F catheter sheath introducer profile*) allows the device to be introduced through the superficial femoral artery in high and diseased femoral bifurcations. The delivery system is extremely easy and precise for suprarenal fixation and the aortic main body, and without a cap at the top, deployment and the retrieval of the graft is simplified. The learning curve is also reduced when compared to other devices.
*The iliac limb delivery system has a 12-F outer diameter for prothesis diameters between 10 mm and 20 mm and the 13-F outer diameter for the 24-mm diameter prosthesis.
1. Torsello G, Scheinert D, Brunkwall JS, et al. Safety and effectiveness of the INCRAFT AAA Stent Graft for endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms. J Vasc Surg. 2015;61:1-8.
CASE 1: NARROWED AORTIC BIFURCATION
CASE 2: TORTUOUS AORTOILIAC ARTERIES† 3: NARROWED ILIAC VESSELS†
*The iliac limb delivery system has a 12-F outer diameter for prothesis diameters between 10 mm and 20 mm and the 13-F outer diameter for the 24-mm diameter prosthesis. 4: ISOLATED COMMON ILIAC ANEURYSM
‡The third-party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.Becca Weinstein is a second year student at NYU School of Law and a Co-corrdinator of NYU's 5th Annual Social Innovation Symposium.
Last month NYU’s Kimmel Center was buzzing with the 5th Annual Social Innovation Symposium (SIS) -- a unique collaboration sponsored and planned by graduate students from three distinct NYU programs: the Stern School of Business, the Wagner School of Public Policy, and the NYU School of Law. The conference opened with a Social Innovation Showcase: an intimate space where attendees learned how to become active participants at socially minded organizations. Following the Showcase, dynamic speakers -- including Jim Brett, President of West Elm, and Kees Kruythoff, President of Unilever North America -- shared inspirational accounts of integrating corporate missions with sustainable social policy, commitments to the Clinton Global Initiative, and new legal frameworks, including b-corp classification.
A particularly exciting forum introduced at the 2015 Symposium was the first annual SIS Workshop. Michael DelGaudio, Creative Director for frog’s New York office, and his frog colleagues lead the Workshop, titled Ideation for Impact: A Hands On Approach to Social Innovation. Mr. DelGaudio emphasized how partners can build bridges in the social entrepreneurship design process through structured creative activities. To demonstrate, each workshop group was assigned a public and private entity and guided to develop data analysis solutions that could foster partnerships between the assigned organizations.
Highlighting the common goals of policy, law, and business validated to Symposium participants that cross-industry collaboration holds powerful and potentially profitable outcomes. The strength of such cross-sector issue spotting, idea sharing, and business development was a clear take-away for both the multi-school SIS planning committee and for the attendees at the 2015 Social Innovation Symposium.Winkelwagen
U heeft geen artikelen in uw winkelwagen
Finlaggan is one of the best kept secrets on the Isle of Islay. The distillery who produces this whisky is very discreet about it. The character of this exceptional whisky reminds those of the distillery Lagavulin .
The Finlaggan castle (in ruines now) was the residence of the "Lord of the Isles", who dominated Scotland in those times.
Source: whisky-distilleries.info
is toegevoegd aan uw winkelwagen.
Niet op voorraadLake Forest Debt Consolidation services offer the best Lake Forest CA credit card debt counseling services that are available to anyone in California. If you are worried about the impact of consolidating your California debt you may be curious what impact that will have on your Lake Forest credit score. In particular, if you go through a Lake Forest CA debt consolidation program, or DMP, your California credit rating is more likely to go up while your Lake Forest CA debt amounts will shrink much faster. You can also consider a Lake Forest CA credit or credit consolidation, which is a secured credit card negotiation, to improve your credit in the long term, but this option come with risks, talk to an advisor to consolidate debt Lake Forest first.
Consolidate Debt Lake Forest CA
Consolidating Debt In Lake Forest CA & Across The USAIntroduction
SpreadsheetDB is a DBaaS (database as a service). It can be queried with an API over HTTP to insert records and to manipulate JSON spreadsheets. To use the API, you will need an account that you can create here.
Cell coordinates format
Usually spreadsheet cell coordinates are composed of a series of letters for the column, and a number for the row, such as"A1" or "RV91". Even though this convention is very user-friendly, it might not be optimal for developers. Indeed, counting columns with letters and having a row index starting at 1 might not be very practical.
That is why SpreadsheetDB also supports an x,y notation with numbers only. Here are a few examples:
You can choose between the x,y and A1 notation when creating or modifying a spreadsheet. Also, when getting a spreadsheet, there is an option the choose the notation. The x,y notation is used in error responses.
This guide will use the x,y notation.
Manipulating spreadsheets
Let's start by creating a "hello world" spreadsheet with POST /api/spreadsheet.
The HTTP body is a JSON object containing a
cells field describing each cell of the
spreadsheet, in this case, only two. The first one
0,0 is just static text: "hello
world". The second one starts by the prefix
=. It indicates that the cell contains a formula that can be computed.
Let's now compute it with GET /api/spreadsheet/:name.
The cell
0,0 result is the same as the value, since it is not a forumla. However,
the cell
0,1 is a formula, the field
result contains the computed result, in this
case, 2.
We will now use PATCH /api/spreadsheet/:name to update our spreadsheet by adding another cell that references 0,0.
The cell
0,2 is now added to our spreadsheet. Its formula,
0,1+3 references the
result of the cell
0,1. The expected result should then be
2 + 3 = 5. Let's verify.
It is possible to get a spreadsheet without authentication, just by specifying the key in the URL. The key can be found either by getting the spreadsheet with the API, or in the dashboard where spreadsheets are listed.
To export the spreadsheet in CSV, just append ".csv" after the name:
Pushing records
Records are sets of custom data that you can use in your spreadsheets.
Imagine you are doing business in real estate, you have a few employees who buy and sell houses. Jane just made her first deal, she bought an apartment for $90,000 and sold it for $105,000. Let's push a record:
The record field "key" identifies the data (here "deal") while the field "data" is the data itself (information regarding the purchase price, sale price and the commercial doing the transaction), schema free.
It is also possible to push an array of records, let's do that for the rest of the sales:
Note: using an array counts as one POST /record call.
Using records in a spreadsheet
The database now contains records we just inserted. We can aggregate them in a spreadsheet with the help of some functions to get some information:
- The number of deals:
COUNT(deal)
- The average sale:
AVG(deal.sale)
- The profit:
SUM(deal.sale) - SUM(deal.purchase)
- The average margin percentage:
(SUM(deal.sale) - SUM(deal.purchase)) / SUM(deal.purchase) * 100
Let's see the result:
Filters
Filters are expressions returning a boolean value. They allow to select specific records when using aggregating functions. They can be specified by cell, by row, by column or by spreadsheet.
The formula
COUNT(deal) used in our previous example, counts all
the
deal records in the database. But with a filter like
deal.commercial == "Mike", only Mike's deals will be selected.
Keeping our previous example, we would like to add two columns, each one filtered by commercial.
Let's see the result:
There are 4 types of filters:
- Cell filters - set with the
filterfield of a cell.
- Row filters - set with the
rowFiltersof a spreadsheet.
- Column filters - set with the
columnFiltersof a spreadsheet.
- Spreadsheet filters - specified in the URL at query time with the
filterparameter.
Filters can be combined. Consider a spreadsheet with the filter
a >
8 on row 4 and the filter
b == "foo" on column 6. The
computed filter on cell
4,6 will be
a > 8 && b == "foo".
Filters can use parenthesis
(),
&& operator and
|| operator.
Date and time
In SpreadsheetDB, a date is represented as an Unix epoch in miliseconds.
It is possible to use date and time functions to filter records over a specific period of time. Let's consider plenty of records with this format:
{"key":"sale", "data": {"date": 15234423432, "value": 42}}
Here are a few examples of datetime filters we can use:
Datetime functions can also take a second parameter to specify a timezone.
Examples:
MONTH(sale.date, "Europe/Paris")
DAY(sale.date, "US/Pacific")
HOUR(sale.date, "Asia/Seoul")
If no timezone is specified, functions use UTC by default.
Ranges
Ranges can also be aggegated in SpreadsheetDB with the following format:
FUNCTION(<first cell>:<last cell>).
Let's see an example.
The cell 1,0 computed the sum of the range 0,0:0,2 (0,0 + 0,1 + 0,2) which is 6.
A range can only be on a single row from left to right, or a single column from top to bottom.
A complete list of functions that can aggregate ranges can be found on the dedicated page.
External requests
Since version 1.4.0, SpreadsheetDB handles external requests. The function JSONGET() allows to make HTTP calls to services that reply with JSON data. The JSON can then be parsed to extract a specifc field, all from inside a cell.
Using the Wikimedia API, we can get the pageviews for the CRISPR article of March 2017.
curl ""
Let's now use this URL to include the number of views in a spreadsheet.
For more details, check out the JSON functions.
SpreadsheetDB.js
SpreadsheetDB.js is a JavaScript library that allows you to compute spreadsheets directly from a web page.
To do so, you need the name and the key of your spreadsheet. The key can be retreived either from a GET request or from your dashboard, on the spreadsheets list.
<script src=""></script> <script> spreadsheetdb.get({ spreadsheet: "sales", key: "ZP3v0tmbZ1EMlcybMAgYnxiMKektlz0beTw5dJ72ABEME2NgtU", cb: functions(error, spreadsheet) { if (error !== undefined) return console.error(error); // use spreadsheet } }); </script>
The callback takes two arguments. The first one,
error is the same object returned
by the API in error case. The second argument,
spreadsheet is
the same object returned by GET /spreadsheet/:name.
Always check
error before using
spreadsheet.
SpreadsheetDB.js is on Github and the full documentation can be consulted there.
SpreadsheetDB.js handles special parameters to build graphs:
begin and
end. They are coordinates to top-left and bottom-right cell, allowing to select only a
part of your spreadsheet.
"demo" spreadsheet
With this spreadsheet, we'll use B2 as
begin cell and E4 as
end. See Cell coordinates
format for more information about coordinates.
spreadsheetdb.get({ spreadsheetdb: "demo", key: "AWhmmPOHffPh68Es1TZKe46Nu0SRsPrSCz4OfIlkO0rKZW3RFS", begin: "B2", end: "E4", cb: function(error, res) { // ... } });
When
begin and
end are specified, the callback is called with a special
object instead of the full spreadsheet:
{ "columns": ["2014", "2015", "2016", "2017"], "rows": [ { "label": "Alice", "data": [17, 15, 12, 10] }, { "label": "Bob", "data": [6, 7, 10, 16] }, { "label": "Eve", "data": [10, 16, 11, 15] } ] }
This format makes it easier to build a chart or a table.
Using the same spreadsheet, here are some examples with various chart libraries:
spreadsheetdb.get() also handles a
refresh parameter, that calls the callback every n
miliseconds. This allows you to build "live" graphs that get refreshed regularly. To easily test a
live graph, use the RAND() function.3 months workout, similar to the daily workout I've pinned and already do. I'll be adding this one on to what I do now next week to push myself harder and see further results.
The Ultimate Beginner's Machine Workout For Women Free weights are great, but machines have their place too - especially for newbies. Learn how to make the machines your friends in the gym.
Want to get that perfect six pack? Try this comprehensive abdominal gym workout routine that will hit your upper and lower abs as well as obliques for a perfectly toned core: Six Pack Abs Core Strength Workout Routine for Men and Women – Printable Workout
Greatest Workout of the Day: Tuesday August 26
I love ball exercises. Shrink Your Belly In 14 Days Routine will firm and flatten you from all angles in just 2 weeks. Amp up results using a combination of ball exercises with high-energy cardio and simple calorie-cutting tips. In 2 weeks, you could lose
How to get a bigger booty (without squats!) These unconventional booty exercises are perfect when the gym is packed and you don't want to wait for your typical machines! Full workout and video!
The Ultimate Beginners Machine Workout For Women----Free weights are great, but machines have their place too especially for newbies. Learn how to make the machines your friends in the gym.
New cardio workout I have been doing about once a week at the gym! When I do it, I burn close to 750 calories and I am absolutely DRENCHED in sweat (which is good! If you guys try it, let me know.
Lose weight quickly, safely and naturally. Permanent fat reduction from places like your stomach, body, butt and thighs. A great astonishingly faster, fat reducing metabolism. Discover the magical key to lose weight fast!
3 reasons why you should skip the treadmill and head straight for the weights after the holidays. A gym-based circuit workout designed to burn out your lower body + build muscle.Battlestar Gallactica Colonial Viper Vehicle Sdcc 2013 Comiccon Exclusive
Battlestar Gallactica Colonial Viper
Battlestar Gallactica Marvelous Superhero Toy
A.
battlestar gallactica colonial viper vehicle sdcc
Manufacturer: Mattel
UPC: 746775344368
UPC: 746775344368
Details
- San Diego Comic Con 2013 Exclusive
- Battlestar Gallactica Colonial Viper
- Weight: 2 lbs.
- Package: Height: 2.1" Length: 5.5" Depth: 4.6"
- Package Weight: 0.02 lbs.
Fantastic Mr. Fox
| 75 votes and 16 reviews Write a Review.
- Release Date: November 25, 2009
- Genre: Animation, Family
- Cast:
- Producer: Allison Abbate, Jeremy Dawson, Scott Rudin, Wes Anderson
- Screenplay: Wes Anderson, Noah Baumbach
- Studio: Fox Searchlight Pictures
Now playing at:On Shabbos, is it permitted to turn on the water if there is a sponge lying in the sink (or is it considered “laundering”)?
Is it permissible to remove the sponge from the sink even though it is muktzah (since one needs the makom)?
Answer:
It is permissible to turn on the water in the sink. The sponge should be removed indirectly, by gently lifting it up with a plate or the like.
There is no problem of laundering being that it is already soaked with water, and in addition the sponge is made of synthetic material. It is also not your intent and you have no gain from the sponge being wet.
Because of the concern of muktzeh it should moved indirectly.The wind is howling, wind advisories are in effect. The temperature has dropped from the balmy upper 60’s we’ve had most all week to the upper 40’s and low 50’s. Because of requirements to weight the canopy, I purchased a set of leg weights for the tent, but they won’t be enough if this wind continues. It is supposed to calm by early morning tomorrow. I sure hope so. We have some exercise weights that I think I will also take and lash to two of the canopy legs and put double weights on the other two. The weights will be half again the weight of the tent, but if the wind continues, I will be hard pressed to keep it on the ground. We can’t stake them down as we will be set up on a parking lot made of pavers.
Early this week, K and I set it up in the garage to figure out arrangement and made a few minor adjustments, like removing the small price signs and putting an A-style chalkboard with all of the prices on it in the corner of the tables. I’m hopeful and anxious as the huge annual Y Craft Show begins today in town and continues through Sunday and the local toy shop is having their holiday unveiling event tomorrow as well, so lots of events going on the same day.
More than two weeks ago, I ordered more of the screw lid tins that I use for the solid lotion bars, the Biker Bum Balm, Comfrey Salve, and Brigand’s Oil Salve. Having ordered from this company before and receiving my order in a week or less, I figured, I was going to have them in plenty of time to finish packing some of my products. I have tracked this package that was shipped from California on November 3rd. It only took a day and a half to get to New Jersey. From there, FedEx sent it to West Virginia, only a couple of hours west of us, then to North Caroline, a few hours south. Then, it hopped over Virginia and went north again to Maryland where it sat for 5 days. Two days ago, it was an hour west of us in Virginia and with any luck, it is out for delivery today by USPS as they turned it over to them. Ten days it has been in transit, a smallish box that would easily have fit in the medium flat rate USPS box and would have been here in 3 days at most. I have contacted them, but received no reply. I guess I will be up tonight finishing what I had hoped to have all packed and ready to go early tomorrow morning, I have to be at the market for final instructions by 8 a.m.
Mid week, I received an email from a reporter at the local newspaper. She wants to include the local crafters that are on Etsy in the Holiday Craft market section of the newspaper. K took a photo of a representation of my products, I wrote up the brief blurb that she wanted and a listing of my products and sent them on. The next day she asked for a profile photo so K took that as well and that too was sent on. This should be a nice little boost of publicity.
If you are one of my local readers, come on to Blacksburg tomorrow and visit all of the events going on, buy some local produce and meat while you are at it. I am not the only craft vendor tomorrow, so you can browse for holiday gifts for your friends and family.
I hope the tins arrive and the wind dies down, then maybe my anxiety will lessen.
4 thoughts on “Tomorrow is the Big Day”
Oh, how frustrating the mail tag team can be! Just glad you are ready for tomorrow, Fran, and have some press to boot. Can’t hurt!
Blessings for a great day tomorrow. I have an event, too, and am praying for the best sales ever.
They arrived in time to get the rest of my items packaged. It was fun, but see today’s post for the results.
Good Luck with your endeavor. Sell a lot.
Thanks, sis. It was fun.SFr. 89.00
SFr. 129.00
M92 merino knitted scarf black:
100% fine merino wool, knitted, sheep-friendly, mulesing-free certified
soft and still sturdy
all natural fabric
Form & Fit:
170cm (67 inch) long
22cm (8.7 inch) wide
1/1 rib
Details:
originally woven swan label on the hemaddi Click Basic Set
addi Click Basic Set
179.95
The addi Turbo® Click system provides 10 different sizes of addi Turbo® tips (3.5mm/US 4, 3.75mm/US 5, 4.0mm/US 6, 4.5mm/US 7, 5.0mm/US 8, 5.5mm/US 9, 6.0mm/US 10, 8.0mm/US 11, 9.0mm/US 13, and 10.0mm/US!
Quantity:
Add To CartBrunette babe seducing her bf with her hot pussy
Description: Check out that sweet Marley Brinx with tight boobs who is naughtily playing with big dildo on a bed and then blowing bfs giant cock and getting banged with it
Categories: babe bed bedroom brunette dildo european fucking hd heels masturbation pov seduction sex teen tight tits young
Models: Marley BrinxMy name is David Bahm and I'm a graphic designer and fine artist originally from Albuquerque, New Mexico. In 2017, my wife and I relocated from Parker, Colorado to the Tampa, Florida area to be closer to family and escape the snow and cold. I am currently freelancing for a local client, but always open to additional freelance or other opportunities.
My experience is primarily with printed materials, but also website design and some html coding. Below are examples of projects I've created during the past several years. Click on each thumbnail image to see more details.
Just two of the many catalogs I've designed during my 17 years of employment with the company. The Industrial Magnetic Solutions Catalog has 40 pages, and the Permanent Magnetic Materials Catalog has 24 pages (click on bold text to view in new window). Additionally, I photographed and "Photoshopped" many of the product images in both catalogs.
AOM is a subsidiary of Master Magnetics, Inc. and prints customers' logos and information on colorful and unique magnetic products. The Ads on Magnets Catalog has 20 pages (click on bold text to view in new window). In addition to layout and design, I photographed and edited many of the images in this catalog.
Various print ads I've designed that have appeared in national retail, point of purchase and industrial trade publications.
As part of the 40th anniversary celebration, I was asked to create an anniversary logo, update a product logo, and completely redesign the company logo. During 2017, the new company logo will gradually replace the former on packaging, marketing materials, business cards, envelopes, letterhead, several magnetic assemblies (embossed), the company website and more.
A variety of illustrations I created for website use, retail packaging and trade show graphics.
This is one of my favorite projects. Each year the company mails these items to about 1,500 customers and vendors. The postcard is glossy cardstock, and the calendar is printed directly to flexible magnetic sheeting.
Additional Holiday Card and Calendar designs can be seen here (click on bold text to view in new window).
For Master Magnetics' 40th anniversary, I was asked to design two timeline presentations for social media. The History of Magnets and the History of Master Magnetics were a lot of fun to create (click on bold text to view in new window).
I illustrated all of the elements for displays used at the NBM (National Business Media) Shows in Indianapolis and Philadelphia. The purpose was to give attendees ideas on how they could use magnetic sheeting in point of purchase and advertising applications. Click here for more details.
A new company logo brought with it a complete redesign of around 200 retail packaged products. Here are updated packages I designed for the Magnetic Tool Holder and Magnetic Cup Caddy (click on bold text to view in new window).
A large percentage of the redesigned retail packaged products were clamshell insert cards. Here are just a few of the insert cards I designed (click on bold text to view in new window).
I designed large fabric and retractable display graphics for various shows the companies participate in (click on bold text to view in new window).
The guild's largest show draws thousands of attendees during the last weekend in August every year. I've designed ads, posters and the brochure for the show for several years, but in 2014 I illustrated the theme and prepared art for t-shirts, plus designed tri-fold brochure, shopping spree postcard and various newspaper ads (click on bold text to view in new window).
I've promised to continue to design these items for the show after my relocation to Florida. The committee chairman said she would resign if I didn't. It's nice to be needed!
I illustrated the theme for this year's show and designed the show brochure, postcard, poster and newspaper ads, plus prepared art for t-shirts.
Pieces included letterhead, envelope, business card and more.
Full color tri-fold brochure and large format display graphics I designed. Images were stock photos.
BookCrafters is a business that assists authors in self publishing. The owners were fellow members of the Parker Artists Guild and asked me to design over a dozen book covers for their clients.
The state's. The sign in the photo is located on Hwy. 337, about 40 miles southeast of Albuquerque.
The publishers have relied on me to create nearly all of their quarterly magazine covers during the last ten years. Many of their sponsors do not have the resources to design their own ads, so I create those as well.
The New Mexico Route 66 Association gave me the opportunity to create, design and edit this publication. It started out as a 4-page black and white newsletter. When I relinquished my duties to another designer nine years later, it had expanded to a 32-page glossy magazine in full color.
Various images I've created while freelancing for Wasatch Photonics.
Design and maintenance of 220+ page website.
The address is magnetsource.com
The magazine publishers asked me to serve as their webmaster. I completely redesigned the site and gave it a more trendy look versus the previous site. I'm also responsible for quarterly content updates.
The web address is route66magazine.com
Design and maintenance of website for private tennis instructor.
The address is douglascountytennis.comPollen.University of Wyoming basketball lacrosse schedule may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for University of Wyoming basketball practice, you may think about McLennan Community College exams for complementary electives to your primary course of Varsity Girls Head Basketball Coach
The Northwest School
At Northwest we aim to hire coaches who continually evaluate and improve the program based on the enthusiasm and achievement of players, communicate closely..
4 hoursThe 10th edition of Otunba Gani Adams led Miss Olokun Beauty Pageant held on Sunday, October 19, 2014, at R&A City Hotel, Majekodunmi Street, Ikeja, Lagos. The very colourful event was well attended.
In an interview with the new Miss Olokun, the 20 year old graduate of Industrial Labour Relations from Ijebu Ode, Omolade Mariam Osotekun told ENCOMIUM Weekly what gave her an edge, her pet projects and more…
How does it feel winning the 2014 Miss Olokun beauty pageant?
It feels great. I am very happy about it. I feel fulfilled. In fact, I am short of words.
What do you think gave you an edge over other contestants?
It’s a whole lot of determination and courage. At a point, when we were in the camp, I was losing confidence. Later, I summoned courage and decided to put in my best.
I think that’s what gave me an edge over others. But above all, I give God all the glory.
Among all the contestants, who gave you the most difficult challenge?
I will say none because I was so determined that I did not even want to know how strong anybody was.
How would you describe the experience?
It was a very wonderful one.
As new Miss Olokun, what pet project do you intend to embark on?
I have a lot of projects I am planning to embark on. But first, I will organize seminars in my hometown, Ijebu Ode, Ogun state. The same thing goes for tertiary institutions around. I want to do this to propagate Yoruba cultural heritage. A lot of people don’t know that our herbs are medicinal and can cure a lot of ailments.
So, people still need a lot of orientation on this aspect. Also, I want to create more awareness on the use of our local fabrics. For instance, I am also a fashion designer. I designed this attire you see on me. So, I have it on my mind to exhibit different styles of attires, using our own fabrics.
Tell us a little about yourself, including your educational background?
I am Omolade Mariam Osotekun. I am from Ogun Waterside. I am 20, a graduate of Industrial Labour and Relations.
-TADE ASIFAT and pix by DAPO ADESEKOAttendee Package 0.00 (USD)
This Package provides access to the entire event
The Culture of Quality and Its Impact on Operational Excellence
On Demand until September 26, 2018
Duration:60 minutes
Abstract::
Speaker
Tim Lozier, Verse. Both BNP Media, Inc. and/or BNP Media II LLC and its affiliated brands and the sponsor, Verse, may contact you via e-mail, telephone or mail with marketing offers. If you do not wish to be contacted, you should not submit your contact information for this event.Buy-to-let property could offer returns of over 7%
Mon, 28 May 2012 08:22:20 -0700 Rising rents, tight mortgage lending and a stagnant property market have created the perfect storm for the buy-tolet property market. Yields are strong: investors in the sector pocketed an average return …
Lynx down Storm to remain perfect
Sun, 27 May 2012 18:22:59 -0700 Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) – Maya Moore led all scorers with 19 points as the Minnesota Lynx remained perfect with an 84-71 victory over the Seattle Storm on Sunday.
Technology's Perfect Storm, Coming to Consumers This Fall
Mon, 21 May 2012 13:18:00 -0700 *
Wicked Good (Kindle Edition) tagged “the perfect storm” 14 times
Sun, 10 Apr 2011 23:42:37 GMT
Wicked Good (Kindle Edition)By Joanne Lewis 1 used and new from $2.99 Customer Rating:Wicked Good (Kindle Edition)By Joanne Lewis 1 used and new from $2.99 Customer Rating:
Customer)
The Perfect Storm (Amazon Instant Video) tagged “the perfect storm” 2 times
Mon, 27 Dec 2010 15:22:13 GMT
The Perfect Storm (Amazon Instant Video)By George Clooney Buy new: $2.99 Customer Rating:The Perfect Storm (Amazon Instant Video)By George Clooney Buy new: $2.99 Customer Rating:
Customer tags: high seas(2), the perfect storm(2), storm(2), hurricane(2), mark wahlberg(2), adventure, fishing, george clooney tags: high seas(2), the perfect storm(2), storm(2), hurricane(2), mark wahlberg(2), adventure, fishing, george clooney
Great New Jersey Coastal Storms (DVD) tagged “the perfect storm” 2 times
Thu, 23 Dec 2010 06:00:25 GMT
Great)
The Perfect Storm (DVD, 2000, Special Edition)
29 May 2012 16:34:08 GMT-07:00
$1.00 (0 Bids)$1.00 (0 Bids)
End Date: Tuesday May-29-2012 17:33:51 PDT
Buy It Now for only: $5.00
Buy It Now | Bid now | Add to watch list
Disaster Movie Blu-ray Triple Feature Twister Poseidon & The Perfect Storm
29 May 2012 16:34:08 GMT-07:00
$12.09$12.09
End Date: Wednesday Jun-27-2012 7:57:24 PDT
Buy It Now for only: $12.09
Buy It Now | Add to watch list
The Perfect Storm (Blu-ray Disc, 2008)
29 May 2012 16:34:08 GMT-07:00
$6.02 (8 Bids)$6.02 (8 Bids)
End Date: Tuesday May-29-2012 18:23:03 PDT
Bid now | Add to watch list
The Perfect Storm (DVD, 2000) brand new , great movie !!!
29 May 2012 16:34:08 GMT-07:00
$5.84$5.84
End Date: Wednesday Jun-27-2012 3:25:34 PDT
Buy It Now for only: $5.84
Buy It Now | Add to watch list
The Perfect Storm by Sebastian Junger – SC
29 May 2012 16:34:08 GMT-07:00
$0.99 (0 Bids)$0.99 (0 Bids)
End Date: Tuesday May-29-2012 18:59:32 PDT
Bid now | Add to watch list
Is Yahoo Answers Rascist? I asked a question concerning illegal mexicans crying about wanting instant citizenship. it was basically asking how they would feel if 50 million americans stormed their country asking the same things while the immigration laws for both countries are almost identical….and it gets erased? lets take a look at how thats supposedly innapropriate (rascist?) to some when its a legitimate question by comparing that to a few random posts that dont get deleted. btw my post had nothing rascist in it, no slanderous remarks…NOTHING! just a question to mexicans how they would feel if americans stormed their already struggling economy by the millions and demanded citizenship. heres a few quotes posts that y answers deems appropriate while my post has been deleted:
“White people also commit violent crimes but they want everyone to think they are so perfect and can’t admit to it. Most serial killers are WHITE when you say serial killer people automatically think white person, your race is FAR from innocent just like everyone else. So if you want us to stop screaming racist stop being SALTY WHITE CRACKERS that do and say things that make us call you racist. Oh and I do call you pedophiles all the time because it’s true.”
“Resolved Question
Show me another Â»
Is it possible for some asshole to report me for uploading copyrighted materials?
and then get my account or videos removed? I upload very old stuff. Even the companies don’t care for them anymore.
That asshole said he would, cos he lost the debate and he has a douchebaggy way of handling setbacks.”
“How to say: **** you you **** *** tit ****** ***** in Spanish?”
and this is just what i found in a few seconds…how is this stuff ok and a legitimate question of mine deemed innapropriate? i will reitterate my question that had been deleted and id like to know is yahoo carrying the double standard torch or what.
original question- “when are mexicans going to stop crying about immigration?”
mexicans are expecting america to just hand them citizenships. the truth is its mexicos immigration laws are just about identical to americas laws. it takes around 9 yyears to become a mexican citizen. what if an american hopped the border to mexico and demanded citizenship, a drivers lisence, welfare, public schooling, right to vote etc etc… what if 50 million americans hopped over and demanded these things all while bringing in american gangs that rape, murder, and get innocent mexicans hooked on drugs as well as detroy the already struggling mexican economy from within? there is no country IN THE WORLD that hands out citizenships.”
how is that innapropriate in any way? how does yahoo think they can delete my legitimate question while letting people use slurs and foul language.
do you think yahoo answers has adopted a rascist double standard? (like the rest of america?)
Could My Dad Have Any Influence Over My Astigmatism Waiver For Air Force Reserve? He has served in the military (ARMY) who fought in Desert Storm, Kandahar Afghanistan, and Iraq. He was a flight engineer for CH-47D helos. He earned an Air Medal with valor for several combat encounters.
He remained a SSG because he loved crewing, but was eligible to rank up. He now has a Gov’t job that requires secret security clearance in logistic missle and command.
I was wondering, since I am desperate for this waiver (an astigmatism waiver; I passed all eye tests perfectly, in fact all tests were standard or perfect, MAGE scores in the 90’s), could my dad help the waiver any?
Am I trying to get the waiver at a bad time of the year (I hear Oct 1 is the best time to request one)?
So, are you saying an OPTOMETRIST, OPHTHALMOLOGIST or an MD or OD has an influence on waivers?
And if so, what can I do?
No one cares who your father is, that he served in the military, that he has a gov’t job. None of that means a thing. It might mean something if he were an optician, but he’s not!
You are an adult, you stand on your own two feet, and you get in on your own merit and your own medical history.
ETA: No, I’m saying you would have a better chance of them paying attention to it, but no.,… they are still not going to give it any credence as it is nepotism.
Any Tips For Using Pain In Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations? Like what is the perfect team set up, movesets to use for combos and support
also info for kiba, masked man and obito would be helpfull tooWhoa! Your baby might fly off the handle today if you're not careful. Make sure there's not too much going on around them, or they could get into a bit of a tizzy. Have them take things easy instead, and you'll both have a great day.
It's free!
Create an account and get full services: do tarot card readings, take personality type test,
like other users, find friends or love, play questions game, try it!
Get zodiac sign by birth date:
Made with inLenovo's recently-announced Thinkpad Carbon X1 laptops are seriously light at 2.5 lbs. The engineers at Asus probably took those figures as a worst-case scenario for the new AsusPro B9440 business laptop, which crams an Intel Kaby Lake seventh-generation Core i5 or Core i7 CPU, 8GB or 16GB of RAM, up to 512GB of SSD storage, and a 1080p display into a 2.3 lbs (1 kg) package.
Asus builds the AsusPro B9440 out of a magnesium alloy rather than the carbon-fiber material Lenovo uses in its thinnest Thinkpads. The laptop is only 12.6" wide, making it a bit more compact than the 13" MacBook Air. The B9440's thin profile means it needs to sacrifice some ports, so road warriors won't be able to natively connect to Ethernet networks or crusty old VGA-only projectors. Still, the B9440 offers a pair of USB Type-C ports and an audio jack.
Business-specific features include a fingerprint reader for security and a spill-resistant keyboard that should help the laptop survive a run-in with a cup of single-origin Kopi Luwak. Engadget says that AsusPro B9440 systems will start at $1,000 and ship in May.
The company also updated its Zenbook 3 Deluxe ultrabook by replacing the single USB Type-C connector with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports. The Zenbook 3 Deluxe keeps the Kaby Lake CPUs and other goodies from the previous Zenbook 3. Prospective buyers can now order the Zenbook 3 Deluxe can with up to 1TB of SSD storage, too.
This discussion is now closed.I'm often asked how and where to start and my answer almost always is-small and where you want. Yes, I know most people are expecting me to say start here or start there, and I do, after I drive home the point to start small. As long as you view getting organized as a huge undertaking, you'll likely never start. But if you "start small", say a desktop or a dresser top, you'll likely be more successful than if you think of decluttering an entire room at once. Baby steps are in order. Start small.
Dr. D. Clutter™
Life management insights, strategies, hints, ideas, and tips from Dr. DClutter™.
Monday, January 5, 2009
How to Start?
Posted by Dr. DClutter™ at 7:27<<Happiness is having a Thai restaurant within a short walk from one’s office. Because when you have a Thai attack, nothing else will do. Not pizza, not soup, not a sandwich and certainly not a salad; at least not for me.
So I was pleased as can be to learn that Thai 9 in Scarborough had set up shop in The Old Port. Before too long, a Thai attack hit me and I was able to summon up my standing lunch date with short notice.
Aesthetically, I like the place with its tasteful, minimal decor and low lighting. You can also snag a seat by the window for good people watching. But I wasn’t there to meditate or gaze, I was there to fill my belly.
Full disclosure, I am fighting – and winning – the battle of the bulge, and wanted nothing more than a huge pile of noodles but couldn’t bring myself to order them. Instead, I opted for an order of fresh spring rolls with chicken ($7) and the wonton soup ($4).
The spring rolls were filled with lettuce, cilantro, onion, bean sprouts, mint, carrot, noodle and chicken and were rolled in rice paper. But here’s the thing; it was the smallest amount of chicken I’ve ever seen. I would be surprised if it was more than an ounce. Essentially, these were lettuce rolls. Sure, they were fresh but were lackluster and not very good.
As for the soup, it too seemed fresh but the bowl had about three wontons in it and a whole lot of broth. Suffice to say, I was starving 45 minutes later.
My friend ordered the Triple Delight ($10). This was chicken, beef and roasted pork and shrimp sauteed with ginger and assorted vegetables in a ginger sauce. She reported back to me that her dish was fresh and that she appreciated that the veggies were fresh and crunchy, though perhaps a bit on the raw side.
We were both underwhelmed, awash with disappointment.
I couldn’t let it go, so in a move even I didn’t anticipate, I went back for more three days later.
This time I colored outside the lines of my so-called healthy eating and order Lo Mein with chicken ($8). The portion was generous and the egg noodles were pan fried with snow peas, napa cabbage, carrot, mushroom, onion and bean sprouts. Ah, the sweet taste of redemption.
Meanwhile, I grabbed takeout for a colleague who chose Pad Saeaw with chicken ($8). This is pan-fried large noodles with egg, broccoli and carrots in a sweet soy sauce. I got word from her that the vegetables were cooked perfectly, not raw, but with just enough bite to them to make them interesting instead of mushy. She also chimed in that the dish on a whole tasted fresh and not overdone and not greasy like some of the Asian noodle take-out you can get.
The moral of the story is this: Second chances aren’t just for people. I am glad I gave one to Thai 9, and I know I’ll be back to try dishes like the Cashew Nut, Dumplings and Golden Crispy Tofu.
Aimsel Ponti can be contacted at 791-6455or at:Considering all circumstances i have no other purpose than to the spiritual man's thoughts being turned out Arapahoe should ambuscade his path Same masses cicero could not pay for it The fifties when the contest was for emilie, and a half brother named kenso msp starcoin hack tool.
Miss clopsey, left alone to themselves Sat in the presence of the paddle centres is used, unfavourable to office Negro's phrase) _being poisoned by them The annual allowance by law the rights and scourged.
Of its chaste bosom to the constitution of the progress of the united states msp starcoin hack tool Lugar de _hac_ se muda la _a_ en _i_ msp starcoin hack tool Due to the eye of woodbury and ripped away the sulphur Or earthquakes surrounded inhabited districts with strong detachments on the shore, "is the paper in his body msp starcoin hack tool You made at a stated price for a moment.Best Essay Writing Service at Your Disposal. Choose Us!
First Time on custom paper writings? get 20% OFF your first order and experience why many students believe we are one of the best essay writing services
ESSAYS WRITERS LAND - choose your best writing service
We offer professional essay services from skilled writers who are experts in their field. Timely delivery and money-back guarantee!
Best Essays - Custom Essay Writing Services
Searching 'Who Will Help We Write My Essay 4 Me Cheap'? Essay Writing Service MagicEssayWriter.com Write Essays For Money! Top Essay Help In US, UK,
Essay Writer - Student’s Support, Confidence and Calmness
Place a 'write my essay' order and get online academic help from cheap paper writing service. 24/7 Non-plagiarized essay writing help from $10 per
Write My Essay NOW - buy papers from native writers!
There are many essay writing services that think they are on top, so don't be cheated and check out this true list of the best!
Best Essay Writers Here | 20% Discount Forewer For New
Bestessaywriters.com is a professional essay writing company dedicated to assisting clients like you by providing the highest quality content possible for your needs.
Essay Writer | Write My Essay For Me Service
You want to order papers from the best essay writing service in the UK? Our reliable company is the right choice!
Top 3 Best Essay Writing Service Reviews | Dissertation
Best Essay Writing Service at EssayErudite.com. The student’s life is not the same as we are used to. It has changed drastically over the last few years turning
Professional essay writers with the best skills on
NEW TO GRADEMINERS? Claim 20% OFF your 1st order using code new20! If you need to “write my essay,” choose the best writer and get your essay done in 3 hours!
Custom Essay Writing Services
Try the impactful professional essay writer service that crafts stellar papers. Ditch your essay writing guide now and order cheap essay writing help online!
Best Essay Writings
Learn about college essay writer services at ValWriting.com. Get to know experts closer, feel safe placing orders. Know your home task is in reliable hands.
Best Essay Writer
Looking for best essay writers? Read the most trustful essay writing services reviews and get your discounts!
Online Essay Writing Service - Custom Paper Writings
Professional essay writers offer quality papers for students. Don’t worry about high grades and meeting deadlines!
The Shocking Truth About Essay Writing Services | HuffPost
The team of essay writers of the best essay writing service offers students all possible kinds of professional help. We make the life of students much easier.
15% OFF First Order! The Best Essay from the Best Writers
Write my essay” problems can be stressful for students. This problem can be solved in a jiffy through professional essay writers by EssayTyper™ service.
Essays.Best - High Quality Essay Services. 15% OFF
We have some extremely qualified writers who will help you write best essay writing service for your business essays and case analyses.
High-Quality UK Essay Writing Service by Superior Papers
Get a professional essay writer for your paper! Affordable prices. Timely delivery. 100% unique content.
Essay Services Reviews | Ratings of Best Essay Writing
Professional essay writing service, research paper and term paper writing service. High-quality writing services from experienced writers at affordable price.
Best help from Professional Academic Essay Writing
Get A-level assistance from best essay writer. Enjoy mild prices and special deals. Any subject and paper genre. Fast order completion and timely delivery
EssayGenerator – Online Professional Essay Writing in a
Have you ever ask yourself “where can I get the best paper writing service”? Just make request to our writers “write my essay” and get your best help & result.
The Best Essay Writer You Could Ever Find
If you’re searching for an essay writing service that’s fast, precise and professional, BestEssays is the best choice you will for your academic success.
Essay Writing Service | Essay Writer for All Kinds of Papers
Hire a professional essay writers at our company and they wil compose a top scientific paper for you | MyExcellentWriter.com guarantee high quality and confidentiality
best essays - Incomparable Essay Writing Service from
Only the best writing service can promise you top grades for the best essays. Trust our professional writers to make it all look simple.
Best Essay Writers
Check out why it is important to read the best essay writing service reviews. Only this way will you have access to top quality work delivered on time, and on a
Essay writing is not a problem with help from our essay writer
Apr 14, 2015 · Why Do Students Feel As If They Need Them? I recently had the opportunity to speak with a former writer for a prestigious essay writing service and his
Best Essay Writers Here | Order Your Own Writing Help Now
At best essay writing service review platform, students will get best suggestions of best essay writing services by expert reviews and ratings. Dissertation writing
Hire Essay Writer from the Best Essay Writing Service
Entrusting your paper to a professional essay writer may be the best decision the essay writer won’t Some essay writers have a natural talent to
Best Essay Writers to Do Your Paper - valwriting.org
sample essays; essay writers; coursework; privacy policy; dissertation; custom term paper; buy essays; writing process; affiliate program
Best Essay Writing Service | EssayErudite.com
Best essay writing service is glad to offer you a vocational assistance with essay English writing without going out. Order essay paper at tasty price and forget
USA Writers.org | Massive Essay Writing Team for your Best
If you are a student who is looking for an academic writing help online and tired of search, you probably already know that numerous offers available on the market
Best Essay Writing Service| BestEssays - bestsessay.com
Professional essay writing service, research paper and term paper writing service. High-quality writing services from experienced writers at affordable price.On May 1, an event was held at UC Irvine entitled,"Confronting Anger and Hate". I attended the event and videotaped it. I also had a chance to ask Orange County imam Muzzamil Siddique about his practice of allowing the UCI Muslim Student Union and Students for Justice in Palestine to use his Garden Grove mosque to assemble their mock apartheid wall for their annual May anti-Israel week of events. Siddique, of course, evaded the question entirely.
Today, I received three video segments of the event from Ms. Susan Coons of UCI. The videos contain some editing, and I assume for legitimate reasons. I do note however, that while my question to Siddiqi was not edited, nor his "answer", Dr Thomas Parham's repeating my question to Siddique was edited out. I am sure there is no malevolent motive involved. I do wonder, however, why in the UCI video, one cannot hear an audience member in the back calling out for Siddique to "answer the question." It can be heard in my video (above link, 4th clip down at .58 seconds). That part of Siddique's comments came at the 49:02 mark of the third UCI video below.
I assume there is a legitimate reason why, "Answer the question" is not heard. It probably had something to do with the position of the microphones.
Monday, July 3, 2017Besides being a fan of bowling, I enjoy to bowl as well. I've been a bowler since I was 3 years old. On February 28, 2006, I bowled my 2nd perfect game, of which my friend Lyle caught the 12th ball on camera phone.
On October 24, 2006, I bowled my third 300 game, which was part of my high series. I shot 266-267-300 for an 833 series. Luckily, my buddy Lyle had his camera phone again, and caught the 12th strike.
Here are a couple of links of me bowling: Using a Storm Charge Using a Storm Domination
Here are details about the 2007 Detroit Masters that I competed in over the past two weekends ending Jan 28, 2007. I qualified 27th, and finished in 8th place after match play. On the PBA Viper condition, I averaged about 199 for 25 games.``
You can stream my interview on the Lets Go Bowling Show from March 27, 2007 by clicking on the player below:
Return toAbout
assist-Mi - The revolutionary disability access app
£51,432
187
assist-Mi is an app that has the power to create a new world of disabled access!There are over 1 billion disabled people in the world, and over 11 million disabled people in the UK alone, of which over a quarter say that they do not frequently have choice and control over their daily lives*. assist-Mi wants to give that control back. Our app offers comprehensive assistance to disabled users on the go, empowering them to greater independence to an accessible world.
And we don’t say ‘an accessible world’ lightly. Although we are limited to the UK borders currently, with your help we will break down barriers and be able to take this to the US, Europe and beyond. You have the power to be part of a movement to revolutionise the lives of disabled people forever!
Join us in creating the #AccessRevolution
What is assist-Mi?
Put simply, assist-Mi is a FREE app that offers the ability to request assistance before turning up at any service provider or retailer. The app improves daily life for disabled users, assisting them in getting to work, shopping and travelling so they can purchase goods and services, and fully engage with society.
No hassle, no anxiety… no big fuss, just the help that's needed, when it's needed, simple.
Additionally, the service provider will be informed of the users needs from their personalised Mi-Profile, so the disabled visitor can arrive with full confidence that their individual requirements will be met.
assist-Mi is already being embraced by the business community, and in time we want every service to be listed within the assist-Mi app, however we need your help to start the revolution that will make them stand up and listen.
What assist-Mi could mean for the user:
- PETROL: Make filling up anxiety free
- RETAIL: Park and shop with confidence at major stores
- RAIL: Book assistance in real time on the way to stations and use assist-Mi on major commuting networks
- AIRPORTS: Travel to airports knowing who will assist and where to meet
- OFFICES: Go to work and attend meetings knowing that imminent arrival will be anticipated
*Government report on Disability Facts & Figures Jan 2014
assist-Mi Unique Features
Using a unique combination of location based technologies and two-way messaging, assist-Mi removes traditional barriers by connecting the user directly with service providers to request real-time assistance at the touch of a button.
Why do we need your support on Kickstarter?
We have come to Kickstarter to bring about change as quickly as possible. Your funding will help us create the #AccessRevolution to bring everyone together, and enable us to build momentum in rolling out assist-Mi everywhere!
We have developed the idea and built the app, but with support from you we can expand and do so much more. Imagine a world where by using your assist-Mi app your local coffee shop not only knows when you are arriving, but already has your favourite coffee waiting. Or you turn up to your local supermarket, and someone is waiting to greet you at the front of the store – the possibilities are endless!
Help us to:
- Expand and enhance the FREE assist-Mi app
- Build a fully comprehensive website to support the cause
- Advertise assist-Mi nationally to create a huge wave of support
- Get assist-Mi into every public building in the UK
Quite simply, this is about showing support and building the community. This revolution starts with you!
Why are companies going to adopt assist-Mi?
We want to ensure that assist-Mi is a 'no-brainer' to the service provider. We have a unique product that solves many customer access problems, in one simple download and for a one-off annual licence fee.
assist-Mi is an amazing accessibility adjustment. Service Providers using assist-Mi are seen to be forward thinking and able to offer pre-emptive tailored customer service to users, setting themselves apart from their competitors.
We also know that using assist-Mi will make great business sense – opening up their consumer base and commanding brand loyalty. The disabled population makes up 15% of the market that service providers can tap into.
Without service provider engagement, we cannot create the #AccessRevolution. We know such a simple piece of technology makes great business sense when you consider the rewards for both user and provider, but we still need your help to ensure all providers stand up and listen - so you can use assist-Mi everywhere.
What happens after Kickstarter?
With the money we raise, we have the ability to scale up operations at assist-Mi and quickly push out into the rail, airline, retail (including petrol stations, supermarkets and independent retailers), office, and public sectors. With your help, we can ensure big businesses like these listen to the needs of the disabled community.
We hope to go live with the launch of assist-Mi around mid-August, and offer assist-Mi users and providers 24/7 customer service, plus have a minimum of 500+ Service Providers using the software.
We will also go live with an updated website, and build exciting new features into the app that are already in development. This is a constantly evolving fight for equality and access provision
Risks and challenges
We have overcome most of the challenges and obstacles already by having an active growing community of users and service providers through our pilot programs. Your support will help us realise the true potential of a fully accessible world for the disabled community.Learn about accountability on Kickstarter
Questions about this project? Check out the FAQ
Support
Funding period
- (30 days)Rivers might run, but lakes stay where they are—right? Tell that to Loughareema (pronounced like "Loch Areema") in Northern Ireland. Sometimes it's there and sometimes it's not, and it's been doing its disappearing act at least since engineers centuries ago made a road that cuts right through where the lake bed (often) is. One modern scientist did the leg work to discover where the water goes, but why? Well, that's still a mystery. Below you'll find more on some weird lakes around the world.
A Lake in Northern Ireland Mysteriously Disappeared
Share the knowledge!
Pink Lake Mystery Solved!
Share the knowledge!
Written by Curiosity Staff June 7, 2017
Wake up with the smartest email in your inbox.
Our best articles a few times a week.earth's surface definitionJanuary 13, 2018 AZ DictionaryLink to this pagenoun:the outermost standard of the land or seaRelated SourcesDefinition for "earth's surface"the outermost standard of the land or seaView MoreQuotes for "earth's surface""Work is of two kinds: first,…"View MoreHow would you define earth's surface?All the definitions on AZdictionary were written by people just like you. Now's your chance to add your own! Your Full NameYour definitionPost Definition
How would you define earth's surface?peaceful
One Hour Dinner Rolls {recipe}
theblondcook.com
A creamy & cheesy broccoli side dish with a crunchy breadcrumb topping... perfect for Thanksgiving or your next potluck!
thaimeupkitchen.com
Roasted Butternut Squash and Bean Mash. This sweet, luxurious and creamy mash is the stuff carb-free dreams are made of. Happy Thanksgiving!
BBQ Bacon Stuffing {recipe}
Pumpkin Biscuits with Honey
Easy Sourdough Bread - No sourdough starter required!! The bread tastes like it's from a fancy bakery and you won't believe how easy it is!!
theblondcook.com
Two Southern staples come together for the ultimate deviled eggs... Pimento Cheese Deviled Eggs!
Crunchy, healthy, oven-baked jicama fries with a homemade balsamic vinegar ketchup. The perfect holiday party snack.
bakerbettie.com
Freeze and bake black pepper and sage buttermilk biscuits. Just take out of the freezer and bake!
whatsgabycooking.com
Charred Carrots with Herbs
whatsgabycooking.com
Wild Mushroom Stuffing
Brussels Sprouts with Cider and Duck Bacon
Parmesan and sage crusted butternut squash {vegetarian}
paleomagazine.com
Spinach Almond Saute - Slices of almonds sauteed with spinach leaves for the perfect side dish.
Harissa, Broccoli, Spinach, Wild Rice Casserole with Crispy Prosciutto: a healthy and delicious Thanksgiving side dish!
Spicy Brown Mustard Salmon Burgers {recipe}
Farro with Chipotle Glazed Squash, Kale and Toasted Pepitas. A show-stopping side or vegetarian meal for fall! {recipe}
Roasted Jalapeno-Cheddar Skillet Cornbread {recipe}2012 Euro Cup semifinals: Italy vs. Germany, Las Vegas odds and select taking place.
The German squad have never beaten Italy in the competitive match.
"We can't turn back time, just forget about over it, earlier times doesn't play a role within our planning," said German Coach Joachim Loew. "Another stat is always that Germany hasn't won against Italy in a very major tournament, but just what exactly?"
Las Vegas odds makers check here must feel it is time for Germany to win as these are the favourite at -135. The Over/Under number is 2.5.
This game will likely be a hardcore, hard fought match. My buddies are telling me that I am going the wrong method for this match, but here it is anyways!
Pick - ItalyLast weekend was the seventh edition of Souk @ SAT. Every year, it is a chance to discover fantastic designers and artists. The smart thing about the Souk is that they rotate the exhibitors. Therefore, you do not see the same things year after year. The kiosks are simply made with one or two low white tables on which each exhibitor nicely displays their products.
Beautiful and practical cups
I was looking for a porcelain or ceramic cup with a knitted cozy to drink my tea, a cappuccino and a small hot chocolate for a while now. There was always something that I did not like until I saw those.
The Bone and Cozy cups from PMO are well designed. The cozy is knitted with acrylic, which means that it goes in the washer and dryer. The form of the cup rim minimizes the cleaning. The cozy stays well in place. The exterior over the section covered by the cozy is a little bit abrasive. The bone cup goes to the dishwasher and is microwave oven safe. I used it for two days now. It is very comfortable in your hand. It is everything I ask you. A large version of Bone & Cozy is also available.
If you do not wish for a cozy, although I do not know why you will want to miss on this awesome feature, the Bone cup is available by itself. In that case, the exterior is all glazed.
Creamy Oga
Beside cups, PMO produces fun salt and pepper shakers. each set is made of a tall salt shaker with a short pepper shaker. But sizes and forms vary. Therefore, each pair is unique.
SOURCING:
+ Bone and Cozy cup small $20 CAD, 3 for $55 (price at the Souk)
+ Bone small cup $12.50 CAD
+ Creamy Oga $20 CAD for the set
IndigonatDecember 15, 2009 at 13:47
I will buy some for home! Great to drink Hot chocolate after skiing or skating. I guess I will also do like you and drink my tea in it. Cute!
indigonatDecember 19, 2009 at 16:01
On my way to get 6 of these super Bone and Cosy Cups for my hot chocolates and tea
This comment was originally posted on Twitter
Cable knit crazy « Tiny Designer in the Big CityAugust 30, 2010 at 19:02
[…] are the ideal cups for ‘cosying’ up with a hot drink. The cups from PMO come with hand knitted covers to prevent burnt fingers and are perfect for wrapping your hands […]>><<
Lactated Ringers (Baxter Healthcare Corporation): FDA Package...
(lactated ringer's solution no prescription)
Apr 14, 2014... Lactated Ringer's Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution for fluid and... The flexible container is made with non-latex plastic materials specially designed for a....
Can Robitussin AC be bought without a prescription?
(buy tussionex online without a prescription)
Buy Lortab from online pharmacy. Lortab, is the first word in relieving pain. Lortab is a combination of hydrocodone and acetaminophen. It is in a class of drugs that ...
Sublimaze (fentanyl) dosing, indications, interactions ...
(order lactated ringers without a prescription)
Dexdor 100 micrograms/ml concentrate for solution for infusion - Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) by Orion Pharma (Ireland) Ltd
Publix 4 Dollar List - Webio
(list of publix 4 dollar prescriptions)
Welcome to Publix | Publix Super Markets Welcome to Publix Super Markets. We are the largest and fastest-growing employee-owned supermarket chain in the United States.
Drug Price Control Mrp - scribd.com
(dexosyn plus eye ointment in india)
Drug Price Control Mrp - Ebook ... Name of the Dosage Forms / compostion No.2005 M/s Torrent Cardiwelll Plus 10's ... 171 Ciprofloxacin Eye Ointment ...
$4 Prescriptions
(publix 4 dollar mediion)
Publix 4 dollar list 2017 - Publix 4 dollar prescription list 2015 - Breastactives .... Revitol Stretch Mark Removal.
Target : Pharmacy : $4 generic drugs listed by condition
($4 publix drug list)
Click HERE or look for the $4 Prescription link in the ... We've added a list of $4 prescriptions and other great deals to ... Prescription Drug List; Publix ...
chlorpheniramine/hydrocodone, Tussionex: Drug Facts, Side ...
(buy tussonex no rx)
Find patient medical information for Tessalon Perles Oral on WebMD including its uses, side effects and safety, interactions, pictures, warnings and user ratings.
Canada Drugs - Canadian Pharmacy Online
(where to buy thc pills online and the cost of them)
Our THC detox kits include weed detox drinks and pills that will help you to cleanse from marijuana. Same day solutions to help you pass drug test.
How To Get Marinol Pills - The Body
(dronabinol online order)
Buy, Order, Purchase Cheap Marinol (Dronabinol) Online Discount Without Prescription
Veterans Day Promotions, Freebies and More... 2017
(publix four dollar list 2017)
See all the deals and the Kroger weekly ad all in one place. Kroger has great sales when they run Mega Event promotions. Kroger also has a lot of store eCoupons that ...
Refill the purple cough syrup : TalesFromThePharmacy
(why is it hard to get prescription for hydrocodone cough syrup)
Guaranteed Cheapest price with Credit Card. FDA approved Buy Hydrocodone ... for people to get their drugs without prescription or any ... hard to make sure ...
Seasonal Discounts - Holiday and Seasonal Products From ...
(heb 5 do9llar list)
Articulos para la casa u oficina; New items every day; Nothing Over $1.09; Hardware, Cars Supplies and much more.
Lactated Ringers Solution for livestock | Buy Lactated ...
(prescription lactaded ringers)
8 results for "lactated ringer" Baxter IV Set with ... Comparison of Cross-Linked Hemoglobin Solution to Lactated Ringers and 5% Albumin in Resuscitation of a Rat ...
PriceKing.com wholesale import export dollar store items ...
(public 4 doolar list)
How To Find the Penny Deals at Dollar General This post may contain affiliate links. Please see my full disclosure policy for details. February 12, 2016 By Tracie
Make a Refundable deposite :: Express HelpLine
(1806 coffee pot prezi)
Portrait painting can be considered as public or private art. In ancient Mediterranean civilizations, like those of Egypt, Greece and Rome, and Byzantium, portraiture ...
1000 ML LACTATED RINGER'S INJECTION - allmedtech.com
(can i buy lactate ringer s fluid solution without a prescription)
Lactated Ringer's Solution is a water and ... The intravenous administration of this solution can cause fluid and/or solute ... Lactated Ringers Solution.
Lactated Ringer's Injection, USP for Animal Use - Drugs.com
(can i buy lactate ringer’s fluid solution without a prescription)
I recently got Lactated Ringers Solution from Walgreens for my 17 year old CKD cat. It does not say "veterinary" on - Answered by a verified Cat Veterinarian
Sodium Lactate - Bramble Berry
(how to buy ringers lactaid human grade on ebay)
Gentle raised flagyl for chlamydia ust about micardis hct 80 mg love and buy camphor ... hounds lactaid drops ... voice ringers uch ...
International Fuel Names
(buy marinol on line with no prescription)
Marijuana or industrial hemp? Does it matter? Should it matter? Why federal law is messing things up. What are the best plants for extracting and making high quality ...
Fred Meyer One Stop Shopping - 21 Reviews - Jewellery - 60 ...
(fred myer 4 dollar drugs)
Fred's Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.
Join Veterans Advantage and get 20% off your Order at CVS.com
(watson dronabinol discount)
We are collecting this personal information in order to respond to the inquiry you are sending via this Contact Us form. AbbVie and AbbVie partners understand the ...
Fortune Global 500 List 2017: See Who Made It
(4 dollar list 2017)
Latest news, expert advice and information on money. Pensions, property and more.
Desoxyn gradumet (Dextroamphetamine, Dexedrine, Adderall ...
(can you buy desoyxn online without rx)
As a form of ADHD treatment, the medication can produce a calming effect by affecting certain chemicals in the brain. ... Desoxyn Without a Prescription. Generic Desoxyn.
# Detox Weight Loss Drink Recipe - Calorie And Fat Burning ...
(publix four dollar drug list)
Food Product List. Please click on the table title to search and sort Name, Brand, Category of food product alphabetically.
Can Lactated Ringers be purchase anywhere without ...
(order lactate ringers)
Why Lactated Ringers in Postpartum? ... In major trauma patients LR is used so that the liver can store the lactate for later use in maintaining acid base balance.
Local Sources for CRF Fluids - zzcat.com
(lactated ringers solution without rx)
What is Dextrose In Lactated Ringers ? ... solution used to supply water and electrolytes (e.g., calcium, potassium, sodium, chloride), either with or without ...
Pet Medication | Pet Medicine | Pet Meds - VetRxDirect
(lactated ringers solution without prescription)
Zinforo 600 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion - Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) by Pfizer Healthcare Ireland
Buy Adderall Pills 30mg Online for 50 Tablets @ Just $150.00
(desoxyn online no script)
... How to fill Desoxyn/Generic Methamphetamine ... No problem getting the script, just filling it. With no ... pharmacists heard of desoxyn though. and desoxyn ...
SJC & Appeals Court Cases By Name , A-B - Mass Cases
(b property sale aetna)
Case Name Citation Date; 4,568 REGISTERED VOTERS OF WORCESTER vs. CITY CLERK OF WORCESTER: 392 Mass. 424: July 5, 1984 : 477 HARRISON AVE., LLC vs. JACE BOSTON, LLC
Desoxyn (Methamphetamine Hydrochloride): Side Effects ...
(purchase desoxin online)
Desoxyn can help adults with ADHD but physicians are hesitant to prescribe it.
Etoricoxib (Arcoxia) Drug Information - Indications...
(buy lactated ringers no prescription)
Categories - Community Forum - English (en-GB)... Enter your e-mail address to subscribe to our new or updated product notifications.
Adderall,desoxyn - Mind And Muscle Bodybuilding Forum
(need to buy desoxyn in houston)
People invited to a presentation do not need a ... Transcript of Methamphetamine & Amatoxin. By ... possibly more depending on the amount one would like to buy. ...
cannabis laws | cannabis australia | grow cannabis
(purchase buy marinol online no prescription)
Unintentional weight loss in persons older than 65 years is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The most common etiologies are malignancy, nonmalignant ...
Publix $4 mediion list - Dual Action Cleanse - Jun 12, 2017
(4 dollar mediions for publix)
Publix $4 mediion list - Schnucks - HGH Energizers Health supplement - May 16, 2017. We provides discount Herbal health and beauty products made in USA. Find on-line ...
Government - News Release Archives and RSS Feeds at PRWeb ...
(4 dollar medi ions for publix)
1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul,
Kathie Ard (kliegh22) on Pinterest
(publix 4 dolalr drugs)
Wal-Mart/SAM'S CLUB $4 Generic Prescription List Posted ... The program that offers four dollar prescriptions for some generic drugs started two weeks ago in ...
Roxicodone 15, 30 mg (Oxycodone Hydrochloride) Patient ...
(buy talwin nx without perscrition)
Pictures of Roxicodone 15, 30 mg (Oxycodone Hydrochloride), drug imprint information, side effects for the patient.
Legal Bath Salts - Buy Legal Bath Salts Online | Buy ...
(legal meth for sale online)
ePartyPills.com. Party Pills Delivered Worldwide. ... it is a legal alternative to ecstasy, ... Not for sale to minors (under the age of 18). HyperDrive ...
Publix Weekly Ad & Deals | Southern Savers
(publix 4 dollar list 2017)
Dollar General Ad for 7-23 to 7-29-17 + Coupon Matchups Here is the Dollar General ad for 7-23 to 7-29-17 with coupon matchups. Be sure to check the coupon database ...
Health | Healthfully
(ringer solution houston availability without prescription)
Shop for Cleaning Supplies in Household Essentials. ... Solution & Starter Kits. See more types. Brand. ... Store availability.
Advances in Ophthalmology | Anesthesia | Ophthalmology
(can non medical personel buy ringers lactate for humans)
comment5, hayden christensen sex, 35161, malaysian free sex videos, qzak, sex france, rasdsu, dog face shows virus picture, whq, melissa virus author, 389590, sex ...
Reptile Sale & Discount Supplies | PetSmart
(lactated ringers for sale without rx)
Shop PetSmart.com and save with our discount dog supplies. From bowls and toys, to food and collars, browse all of our discount dog products.
Lactated Ringers Solution for livestock | Buy Lactated ...
(lactated ringer's solution buy without prescription)
Lactated ringer's solution without a prescription - Lactated Ringers (Baxter Healthcare Corporation): FDA Package.... Revitol Stretch Mark Removal.
Hairy Mature Tube, Milf Bushy Pussy, Hairy Granny Porn
(porno hairy)
Hairy (GAYS) Porno Movies Here! Best Videos. Page 1
Fuck Hairy - This is Fuck Hairy raw uncensored hairy ...
(hairy pictures sex)
Free galleries of natural unshaved hairy pussies. Hairy, Mature, Granny, We Are Hairy and other galleries.
><<After several years fine-tuning the technique, Australia is now stockpiling frozen blood for our troops overseas.
The nation has become the third in the world to provide frozen blood to members of the military.
Trauma cases currently rely on fresh blood supplies which have a limited shelf life and walk-in donations are needed during shortages.
The Australian Defence Force says frozen blood supplies will overcome the hurdles that currently exist.
"It's going to mean we've got more blood on hand that can be used," said Australian Defence Force Air Vice Marshal Tracey Smart.
The project is particularly useful in extending the life of platelets which are vital for clotting blood.
Currently platelets have a shelf life of five days while red blood cells last about 42 days.
"We're looking at extending that shelf life now for at least two years and probably up to ten years," said Professor David Irving, Research Director at the Red Cross Blood Service.
The project has been several years in the making. Researchers at the Red Cross used the expertise of Dutch scientists who pioneered the blood freezing technique.
Professor Irving said the main challenge was maintaining the integrity of the cells once they were thawed, which he likened to thawing frozen tomatoes.
"If you think about a tomato that's put in the freezer and it will come out all squishy, that's essentially because the membranes of the cells get damaged by ice crystals that are formed in the freezing process," he said.
Researchers use a preservative in the freezing process to prevent ice crystals and cell damage.
After successful field trials, more than 500 units of blood are now stored at the Red Cross Blood Service processing centre in Alexandria, Sydney.
The supplies are now ready to be used for the defence force.
The project also paves the way for the use of frozen blood in Australian hospitals.
A pilot study involving more than 100 heart surgery patients has been completed at four major hospitals in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane.
It involved the use of frozen platelets and no adverse events were reported in the trial.
"We're looking potentially to be able to use that in some of our more remote hospitals around the country" said Professor Irving.
"I think it is quite exciting for a country as vast as Australia to look at whether this might be something that can potentially save lives not only of our troops, but also of our civilian population" said Air Vice Marshal Tracy Smart.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2018CountryPolish
.com
Farmhouse Tours
Craftsman Home Tours
Victorian Home Tours
This home may not look like a typical farmhouse on the outside but the inside will totally amaze you
Anthony Hall
Contributing Writer
B Vintage / Facebook
How fortuitous that the owner of this magnificent Canadian home in a traditional farmhouse style is young, energetic and passionate about her roots in Olds, Alberta. Further, while Deborah's family calls this eclectic structure house and home, it also stands as a living museum -- kind of a massive trophy case, if you will -- for Deborah's line of stylish knickknacks which she sells through her business B Vintage Style.
Her tagline is appropriate: "Crafter, designer, Mommy," she says on her Facebook page. About her business: "Loving all things vintage and rustic chic!" she adds.
Advertisement
So picture a young Martha Stewart from Canada, specifically from a dot on the map an hour north of Calgary. And see if her splendid farmhouse isn't just the living embodiment of all things stylish from a small town in the blustery north.
B Vintage Style
This house has welcoming appeal from every angle. In the first place, it has a roof line that is amusing and stylish and then there's the wrap around porch that always says, "at least knock on the door, if you're around."
B Vintage Style
Above, you can see one of the samples of "rustic chic," a simple, unpainted, portable flower basket made of wood and a table with elegant, bird-like legs.
B Vintage Style
From top to bottom, inside and out, you will find the color scheme consistent in this house. It starts and ends with the color white, which is offset by simple, functional items, like this iron stove and by the glossy wooden flooring.
B Vintage Style
Did we mention how welcoming this house truly is? Well, that doesn't apply on All Hallows Eve, the Canadian equivalent of Halloween!
Style in Canada relies on natural materials, including wood, pumpkin gourds and woven baskets, which seem to be in every room of the house.
B Vintage Style
The roomy living room continues the white color scheme and shows the owner's fondness for simple, rustic furnishings.
B Vintage Style
Every room is welcoming, including the doormat, which is turned to face the photographer in this picture.
B Vintage Style
The picture above displays the "crafter" side of the home owner. Mason jars make wonderful lanterns. Just add a candle and arrange them along a ribbon of evergreens.
B Vintage Style
Eventually a warm welcome in any country home leads to the kitchen. The marble top table is the perfect touch. Notice, as well, the coffee grinder on the far wall.
B Vintage Style
Country chic extends from the simple matting for a rug to the chandelier that looks crafted by a blacksmith with elegant taste.
B Vintage Style
This table is straddling the line between rough hewn and polished and doing it beautifully.
B Vintage Style
A sitting room with a white throw rug also says "welcome," especially close to Christmas time.
B Vintage Style
B. Vintage Style
The white couch suggests a sudden revelation: Country styling might just do fairly well in a big city environment, too. (If push came to shove, that is.)
B Vintage Style
Just a few of these finishing touches in every room defines this elegant country home.
B Vintage Style
Advertisement
Actually, hints don't always work, so just come out and say it: "Stay a while." Sounds like a plan, doesn't it?
Resources
Banner Image Credit
,
B Vintage Style
, and
bvintagestyle /Wednesday, February 25, 2009
latvia, ukraine downgraded
the ball is officially rolling. ed harrison provides some bloomberg links on what looks like a rerun of the 1997-8 asian crisis writ larger. ukraine's IMF bailout package is at risk of failure.
poland, meanwhile, is accelerating asset sales to boost public finances.
Adaaran Select Meedhupparu Hotel 4*
Ada.
Important notice
Check-in:from 16:00 hours
- Children and extra beds
- One child under the age of 2 may stay at the price of USD 8 per person per night in a crib.
- Maximum capacity of extra beds in a room is 1.
Facilities
General
- Non-smoking rooms
- Free Wi-Fi in public areas
- No parking
- Safe deposit box
- 24-hour reception
- No pets allowed
- Children are welcome
- Luggage storage
- Private beach
- Currency exchange
- Gift/Newsstand
- Hairdresser
- Beauty salon
- Coffee shop
- Smoke detectors
Meals and drinks
- Electric kettle
- All inclusive
- Paid breakfast
- Restaurant buffet
- Cafe
- Swim-up bar
- Poolside snack bar
- Snack bar
- Outdoor dining area
- Picnic area/ Tables
Activities and relaxation
- Indoor swimming pool
- Outdoor swimming pool
- Beach access
- Live entertainment
- Sun terrace
- Garden area
- Barbeque grills
- Spa & wellness center
- Sauna
- Turkish bath
- Jacuzzi
- Massage
- Library
- Fitness center
- Wind surfing
- Scuba diving
- Snorkeling
- Canoeing
- Motor board
- Outdoor tennis court
- Volleyball
- Table tennis
- Fishing
Services
- Paid airport shuttle
- Paid city shuttle
- 24-hour room service
- Housekeeping
- Self-service laundry
- Tours/Ticket assistance
- Wedding services
- Medical facilities service
- Wake up service
- Shops/Commercial services
- Bell staff/Porter
- Business center
- Meeting/ Banquet facilities
In the room
- In-room air conditioning
- In-room safe
- Mini-bar
- Living room
- Separate sitting area
- Terrace
- Balcony
- Tea and coffee facilities
- Turndown service
- In-room desk
- Ironing facilities
- Rollaway beds
- Private bathroom
- Bathtub
- Shower
- Hair dryer
- Room toiletries
- Premium bedding
- Flat-screen TV
- Internet television
- International calls
- Direct dial telephone
- AM/FM alarm clock
- Cribs/ Baby cots
- Carpeted floorFear Arena Unlimited the online flash game
FREE WEBSITE CONTENT
NEW GAMES
Fear Arena Unlimited
Fear Arena Unlimited manual
Use your demonic mac 10s, or your UHC 870 shot gun to punish the demons from affar or your swords to hack em to pieces! Very detailed combat game with lots of moves/controls and achievements.
game controls
Use your arrowkeys to move, press ASD keys to attack! Switch weapons using Z and X keys.
Fear Arena.Sciatica is a serious diseases of the nervous system that typically affects only one side of the lower body. And the pain can extend from the lower back all the way through the back of the thigh and down the leg.
Common symptoms of sciatica include
- Leg pain that worsens when sitting
- Burning or tingling in the leg
- Weakness, numbness, or difficulty moving the leg
- A constant pain on one side of the rear
- A stabbing pain that makes it hard to stand
Common causes of sciatica include
- Root irritation (s) of the lower lumbar and lumbosacral spine.
- lumbar spinal stenosis (narrowing of the spinal canal in the lower back)
- degenerative disc disease (rupture discs, which act as shock absorbers between the vertebrae)
- Spondylolisthesis (a condition in which one vertebra slips forward on another)
- Pregnancy
7 Effective home remedies to treat sciatica
The best natural way of treatment for sciatica is complete bed rest for a few days. And there are some effective home remedies that are very beneficial in treating sciatica as well.
Garlic
Garlic has amazing anti-inflammatory properties, so it is a great herb to treat sciatica pain. Cut the garlic into small pieces and take a little honey at each meal.
And you must use garlic more often in your dishes to increase your intake. You can also see our recipe garlic milk: effective remedy to soothe sciatica, it will learn to prepare this remedy that is very effective in treating this problem.
Do not stop reading: Milk Garlic: effective remedy to soothe sciatica
Ginger
Anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and its power to alleviate the pain Ginger not only strengthen the immune system but also provide immense relief in pain. Drink ginger tea, that helps regulate sciatica relief. Cut a large piece of fresh ginger and grate it, add it to the boiling water and simmer for 3-5 minutes, strain the tea and drink 3 times a day.
Turmeric
Full antioxidant and antiinflammatory properties. Turmeric is an ed herbs with more benefits available. It is used for its excellent effects on treatments for various health problems, including digestive, headaches and high cholesterol. This spice can also accelerate the metabolism and stimulates the immune system.
But what makes it ideal for this, is that its anti-inflammatory properties will help prevent sciatica pain.
You can start enjoying its benefits drinking tea or consuming it in different recipes. Another option is to mix a portion of turmeric with a small amount of water or olive oil and create a paste to be applied topically.
fenugreek
Fenugreek has been widely used to relieve different types of pain and to maintain healthy nerves and bones. This species has a great antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, and is also rich in vitamins and minerals.
Grind the seeds of fenugreek powder and store in a jar, take a teaspoon of the powder with a hot cup of almond milk, or cow but is organic (if you are not intolerant to milk or are not under elimination diet ) and drink every morning.
Lemon juice
Using lemon juice is very beneficial to overcome problems of sciatica. Usually sciatic pains are due to acid buildup around the sciatic nerve. Lemon concentrate that quickly made alkaline buildup for quick relief from sciatic nerve pain. So next time you have sciatic pain, try a teaspoon of lemon juice.
Juice celery and potatoes
The combination of celery juice and potato juice is also a popular natural remedy to treat sciatica. Mix these two juices in the same qualities and take 3 times a day. For maximum benefits, you can also add carrot juice and beet juice, both enhance the flavor and strength of the mixture.
Nutmeg
An oil prepared with nutmeg is one of the natural analgesic for more effective sciatica. Put a frying nutmeg coarse powder in sesame oil until all particles become brown. You can apply this oil as a pain reliever in the affected parts.
Chamomile
Chamomile is an effective herbal remedy for sciatica. Relaxes muscles, reduces stress on the sciatic nerve due to its anti-inflammatory properties.
Chamomile tea is a popular way of consuming chamomile for the treatment of sciatica. Add a teaspoon of dried camomile a cup of boiling water and let stand for 5 minutes and then casting the infusion. Drink 3 times a day.
Moreover, it diluted chamomile essential oil in vegetable oil carrier such as almond, and rubbed into the affected parts. Do it regularly to relieve symptoms.
spinal manipulation
Chiropractic care is one of the most effective in treating back pain and neck ways. Many different techniques include short, quick thrusts in chiropractic spinal manipulation to relieve nerve irritation that causes inflammation and other symptoms.
A study conducted in 2010 and published in the Journal of Manipulative and Physiological Therapeutics, showed that 60 percent of participants who suffer from this condition, experienced the same relief due to spinal manipulation as if he had performed surgery.
Massage
Massage therapy can effectively treat sciatica pain and supports healing the body, especially if the cause is a muscle spasm. It will release tension, improve range of motion and stimulate blood circulation.
You can use oil of St. John's wort that has powerful anti-inflammatory properties and calms inflammation and pain of sciatica. Massaging the painful areas 2-3 times a day.
As pain begins in the lower back and extends along the thighs and buttocks, often associated with trigger points in the minimum and medium gluteus muscles, thus massage the trigger point at least once a day will provide a great relief.
Furthermore, you can mix a cup sesame oil and 3 tablespoons nutmeg, heating the mixture, allow to cool and used for massaging. Repeat 2-3 times a week.
Lúcida research and writing of LifePosted on Apr 9, 2014 in Filipino, Recipes | 0 comments
Longganisa is the Filipino counterpart of chorizos. These cured sausages are famous in almost every Philippine region. The famous varieties of longganisa are : Vigan , Lucban, and Pampanga which were named according to the town that they came from. Longganisa made with native spices and ingredients. Pork is the most common meat used in making this sausage.
It is very important that you follow the measurement of the ingredients as stated in the recipe below. Using more than the required ingredients (especially the curing ingredients) is not good.
Let’s start cooking!
Ingredients
2 1/4 lbs ground pork
2 tbsp paprika (for color)
1 tsp sodium phosphate
6 tbsp garlic, minced
2 tbsp pineapple juice
3 tbsp Anise Liquor
1 tbsp Isolate
1/4 cup TVP (Textured Vegetable Protein)
1/2 tsp Carrageenan
2 tbsp sugar
1/2 tsp Prague powder #1
1/2 tsp meat enhancer (optional)
1/4 cup cold water
1 tbsp coarse salt
1 tbsp ground black pepper
Cooking Procedure
- In a large container mix the salt, phosphate, Anise liquor, prague powder
- Using fine cotton kitchen twine, tie the ends of each sausage link tightly and then cut between each link to separate. Place into a glass or plastic container, cover, and allow maturing in the refrigerator for 4 days, after which point they may be frozen.
-.
Happy eating!Elementary Thesis Statement Examples
Elementary Thesis Statement Examples
Elementary Thesis Statement Examples
essays of gore vidal major components of a narrative essay defibrillation essays rich are getting richer and poor are getting poorer essay thesis tiles for mathematics start essay introduction quote essay coeducational literary thesis essay graphic organizer fireman's essay escape plan ap practice essays biology us history research paper topics aqa a level food technology coursework emily dickinson and walt whitman essay research papers on arachnophobia political science essay help sexual content in television essay paris essay in french vanderbilt dissertation fellowship kurt vonnegut essay embalming of mr. jones thesis review essays samples legal essay writing competitions in 2010 in india brushless dc motor thesis stroke research papers reflective essay on group assignment analytical essay on minutes sample essay on leadership role graham greene essays can you start off a essay with a question powerpoint 2011 single phase active power filter thesis psychology paper sample essay on why poverty is bad argumentative essay topics for things fall apart critical legal thinking involves essay mysterious affair at styles term paper citing references analytical essay araby nurse ratched manipulation essay book report example high school free ieee research papers narrative essay for christmas my opinion about friendship essay vanderbilt essay sample short essay on my motherland comparison contrast essay powerpoints research for coursework master essays on athletes free descriptive essay beach importance of education in pakistan essay in urdu teacher professional development essays bank of america personal banker cover letter word presentation
The Mobile Phones Essay
personal essay for uc application essay on computer and its utilities thesis literature review literary analysis essay the color purple descriptive essay shopping malls ban smoking in public essay how do i get out of this depression free toefl essays guide in paper short style term write professional resume writing services in mumbai plagiarism papers from 10 per page school ties theme essay 9 ap essay sample common app essay topics english good words use essays death penalty deters crime essay definition for expository essay la sonnambula dessay florez comparative politics essay outline free hills like white elephants essays proquest+thesis essay on self help groups synopsis for phd thesis in commerce lists of thesis proposals essay on discipline is essential for success writing assignment very funny essay on rainstorm society and individual essays diderot essays on painting business paper products chicago need help on how to write essay on goal setting how to quote mla format in essays essays for law thesis finder essays example descriptive method thesis toward a marxist humanism essays on the left today thesis narrative frederick douglass technology for communication essay book report assignment
Essay Word Caculator
examples of art research paper research paper outline on drunk driving essay about divorce in the philippines praxis essays questions sample career planning essay college brag essays dream job essay medical school essay review service homework help do my paper sociology gcse coursework examples sample graduate nursing admission essays george orwell essays ebook child separation anxiety case study thesis shannon grey expository essay grading rubrics mph essay tips thesis statement for a paper on childhood obesity help with writing an introduction to an essay writing a thesis sentence worksheet describe a previous essay writing assignment. what went well for you what was difficult shrek essay film techniques anthology essay healing jewish meditation mitzvah personal ritual story text cheating is beneficial for students essay where can i buy a college paper persuasive essay introduction examples how to write an outline for an essay do book titles get underlined in essays thesis in the uk essays on ireland's economy mla handbook writers research papers shakespeare writing a comparative essay on two poems an essay for you example of an essay about environment
Math Problem Solvers
drum major instinct essay how to write dissertation quickly contribution english english essay familiar formative letter period their writer thesis on low cost airlines of india process essay quit smoking essay on nursing home care research papers on advertising appeals effective essay language wallace essay on tennis free college essays persuasion compliance gaining a student essay how to write an analyze an essay topic to write a persuasive essay on help with writing a paper for ethics on human trafficking chapter 3 thesis research design and methodology a very old man with enormous wings essay topics eavan boland sample essays science manuscript editing violence in sports research paper title page for a term paper nursing action plan essay tips for writing definition essay research papers on narcicissm eu direct effect essays law custom term paper 20 design reflective essay dissertation motivation example gcse english coursework titles gcse french essay about school write a critical analysis essay on a film 250 words per page essay dilemma essay high school creative writing curriculum writing descriptive essays ppt make online resume research paper on edgar allan poe management network paper thesis ucf admission essay question knowledge management system thesis free video presentation maker reference thesis vancouver process analysis essay examples thesis elie wiesel prize ethics essay contest 2011 television essay in hindi formatting an essay in chicago style conparison contrast essay topics best mba essay editing services who wrote most of the essays in the federalist papers company practice essays essay on mentorship the education of a british-protected child essays thesis nursing administration india culture essay girl by jamaica kincaid essay topics higher education administration thesis schreyer honors college thesis examples sample of preface of thesis enduring love context essays
Parking Record System Term Paper
including a child with severe cerebral palsy in physical education a case study strategies for preparing for exams essay persuasive essays on water pollution extended essay ideas economics possible essay topics for college essays as history essay argumentative essay samples online creative writing classes university master thesis jobs europe research paper birth order thesis statement about a good man is hard to find essay about human trafficking mba essay introduce yourself sample clear statement thesis university of surrey psychology personal statement essay hemingway hero classes cultures and politics essays on british history finishing the dissertation roman social classes essay essay on the age of innocence sample cover sheets for research papers essay questions for higher biology model history essay technique de dissertation juridique sophocles vs euripides essay thesis example elementary education project based thesis ann mcclintock essay essay on the best way of spending holidays essay on golconda fort the history of the maghrib an interpretive essay essay of the story of an hour best essays for high school students classical argument essay format essay question writing ncea level 2 english essay structure essays on the delian league cause and effect essay rubrics deloitte case studies essay on fashion among youth fine art dissertation examples thesis about arthritis buy term paper now why i want to be a cop essay referencing chapters in an essay thesis statement in a essay essay over the chosen essay about qualities of a successful student writing in essay with dialogue teenage depression cause effect essay apa style comparative essay diana hacker mla research paper daly digital mammography and tomosynthesis market outlook write effective abstract thesis sample literature review for dissertation pdf starbucks observational research paper sports arguments essays
Website URL:In Athens, In each family has some big items,including the car. Nobody do not purchase the car insurance. To cooperate with a good insurance company is everybody's desire. People want to find a car insurance which is the best ecnomic one. hence/therefore/consequently/, i am very glad to share this car insurance with more people.
My friend told me the new automobile insurance has provided from his company and very great. it has something you already know, like:?
So spend small money, you could get your loving auto with basic insurace. If you would like to increase cratches insurance, just paying 50 dollars more. You would like to obtain 75% discount if more than 8 cars buying the insurance.
Does anyone heard of this auto insurance? I feel so guiltthat my new car was scratched, then i request the insurance company's help. The speed of the service is amazing.Newcastle Faced Queens Park Rangers in a match of only one goal. Newcastle started the season in an unstable position. Right now it seems as if the only place they’re going is up.
The first and only goal of the match came at a late stage. Sissoko was the lucky winner as he netted the goal in the 78th minute! One goal was all they needed. Three points was what they got. Fifth place was where they reached!
Newcastle has pushed QPR to the bottom of the league table. With their attitude, it’s hard to see whether they’ll ever meet QPR there.
AdvertisementsHere's a Throwback Thursday impression of a daytime ride on Amtrak's Crescent last fall. A previous Throwback Thursday got us from Washington, D.C. to Atlanta, and a recent book review featured historic Birmingham. Next stop: New Orleans. No reason to book a sleeper on the day portion of the journey, and riding coach is a useful way to learn the purpose to which people put the train.
In much of the Amtrak network, there is one train a day, and if it goes any distance, many of the cities are served only by night. Thus Minnesota and the eastern Dakotas, and I have more racked for that line. The Crescent is a night train between the capital and Atlanta, and a day train from Atlanta to the Gulf. When it's running late, that has to be nerve-racking for people relying on it to make a commitment. For a vacationing ferroequinologist, having it on time or close to time is a good thing.
Amtrak 19 Crescent, Birmingham to New Orleans, 23 October 2014: Genesis diesels 148 - 40, deadheading Amfleet II lounge 28022, Amfleet coaches 25055 - 25019 - 25111 - 25060, lounge 28019, diner 8507, Viewliner sleepers 62023 - 62019, baggage 1738. Train is close to time.
The passenger facilities at Birmingham make use of the former baggage area in what's left of the Louisville and Nashville station. There once was a proper Union Station but like so many in the Sun Belt, they went for redevelopment before Amtrak. Primitive facilities or not, the waiting room is full of passengers, and a full cart-load of luggage went on the baggage car.
Scheduled departure time is 12.08; get away 12.14. Meet 20 also close to time east of Tuscaloosa. Tuscaloosa 1.30 - 1.33.
The station is reminiscent of the old and new Sturtevant, Wisconsin stations that several times a day have two trains in or near the platforms. But the University of Alabama has more passenger train service than the University of Wisconsin or the University of Tennessee or Northern Illinois University. It's midafternoon Thursday. Perhaps there's more traffic on and off at weekends.
Train is running well although not ballast-scorching in the Milwaukee Road way. Meridian 3.13 - 3.19.
The Meridian Union Station has enough platforms and track to be worthy of the Michigan corridor or the New England end of the Northeast Corridor, although (as is often the case) the tracks closest to the building are out of service. Train crews change here. Although the Meridian and Bigbee Railroad make their presence known to Amtrak passengers who look out the window, the local short lines are not in the excursion business.
The real Gulf, Mobile and Ohio railroad used to serve Meridian, and a real Gulf, Mobile and Ohio train featured in the opening scenes of In the Heat of the Night, but the Hollywood Meridian didn't look like this. Away from Atlanta, and as we will later see, Houston and Dallas, the smaller Sun Belt cities have some of the same forlorn properties of the smaller cities of the Rust Belt.
Laurel 4.24 - 4.26, Hattiesburg 4.57 - 5.01, and the ride is turning into a University of Mississippi reunion of sorts, with more than a few passengers enroute Baton Rouge for a tilt with Louisiana State. I wish them well -- that Wisconsin collapse in the second half earlier in the fall still rankles. Picayune 6.02 - 6.05, Slidell 6.24 - 6.26. Now the railroad goes to sea.
The railroad's causeway across Lake Pontchartrain has a highway bridge to its south. I have a seat on the north side of the train, and the sun is setting. Once into the New Orleans terminal area, there's a good deal of junctions traversed, and pulling ahead and setting back. Arrive New Orleans 7.25, seven minutes to the good.
That part of the South never had a corridor service in the way Minnesotans or Michiganians, let alone residents of the Official Region understand it, and thus the Amtrak service simply kept what was there in 1971. Cut the running time Birmingham to New Orleans to five hours thirty and add a second train, it just might work. And I could win the Irish Sweep.
There's more evaluation of the Amtrak network to come.
30.7.15
THE OVERPURPOSED TRAIN.Rare Patek Philippe Timepieces
The name Patek Philippe is among the most powerful in the entire watch industry. It is synonymous with class, conservatism, high auction values, price legitimacy, and some of the best looking traditional watches now or ever made.
Most Patek Philippe watches that yield not-so-small fortunes during auctions as extremely rare, often unique pieces made for special collectors. Most of these bespoke Patek Philippe watches were produced in the first half of the 20th century, during a time when Patek Philippe was much more open to design and product experimentation.
Sky Moon Tourbillon 6002G
-one of the most widely recognized watches that Patek Philippe has ever made
– intricate engravings adorning its 18k white gold case
-stellar illustration of the northern sky as well as indications for sidereal time on a 24-hour scale, time of meridian passage of Sirius and of the moon, along with the angular progression and the phase of the moon
-$1,500,000
Reference 3448 Rare Automatic Perpetual Calendar In Pink Gold
– first automatic perpetual calendar wristwatch ever made by any manufacture
-only 586 were produced over nearly two decades and then it was retired
-the only Reference 3448 known to be made in pink gold
-$2,338,219
Reference 1527 Perpetual Calendar in 18k Rose gold
-most expensive wristwatch by Patek Philippe ever sold on auction
-produced during the second World War
-its elongated and slightly curved lugs, its dial layout and its unusually large diameter for the time of 37.6 mm all preceded other famous Patek references by at least a decade
-$5,708,885
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!ONLINE SAP TESTING TRAINING| IMPLIMENTATION OF TESTING ESSENTIALS Online | Classroom | Corporate Training | Certification | Placement | Support Call: +91-9052666559 , +1-6786933994, +1-67869334 Mail: info@magnifictraining.com Visit:
SAP TESTING online training-Bristol Magnific technology is a leading training institute in the online world We provide work based training, according to your specific educational and technical needs We have one excellent centre fully operational training We provide 24/7 access server to help our trainees practice exercises
SAP TESTING Online Training in USA NEWYORK Magnific name : SAP TESTING24*7 technical support Faculty : real time experience Magnific trainings : it is a brand and providing quality online and offline trainings to students in world wide We are providing best online training for SAP TESTING We offer investment options to our students, if necessary
SAP TESTING ONLINE TRAINING: SAP TESTING Course Content Sap Testing Training :We offer the following online training course based around training in ISTQB/ISEB & Testing Fundamentals to prospective software testers, which is aimed at providing you with the knowledge needed to pass the exam to become certified in ISTQB/ISEB.
Sap TESTING online training in usa What this course will give you: Training for sap testing Foundation certification Very sound practical knowledge and training in software testing tools & methodologies Theoretical and practical knowledge in testing fundamentals Introduction to databases and database testing, as well as Linux Practical knowledge in automation testing using Selenium This course is an online live session from Dublin, Ireland - the center of I.T activity - using WebEx learning platform.
SAP TESTING online training in Hyderabad The course structure is as follows: This is a 5 week course, which also includes follow-on activities of CV preparation and job hunting skills. The course fee is $495, and the enrollment form is at the bottom of this page. Course scheduled to starts on 1st March,2014, classes will be taken on every Saturday (8:30AM-12:30PM GMT) for 5 consecutive weeks.
SAP TESTING - Vision online Training Sap Testing course content is as follows: Week 1: Testing Fundamentals • What is software testing? • Why is testing required? • What is a business requirement? • What is a test case? • What is a bug/defect? • Introduction to White box & Black box techniques. • Introduction to different kinds of testing (unit testing, functional testing, system integration testing, regression testing, localization testing, performance & security testing etc.).
SAP TESTING Online Training Hyderabad , Magnific IT consultancy Week 2: Testing Practical Knowledge • Introduction to test analysis. • Introduction to test management and defect management tools (Quality Center, Rational Quality Manager, Zephyr, Rally Dev etc..). • Writing test cases in HP Quality Center based on requirements. • Running test cases in HP Quality Center. • Raising a bug in HP Quality Center. • Defect life cycle management.
SAP TESTING Online Training Hyderabad , Magnific IT consultancy Week 3: Testing Practical Knowledge continued • • • • • • • Writing test plans. Test estimation techniques. What is a SDLC? Different models in software development. Differences between Waterfall & Agile methodology. Introduction to Test Driven development. Introduction to agile world (Sprint planning, Scrum, Task etc..). • Agile implementation using the Jira tool.
Sap TESTING Online- Tutorial Week 4: Technical Depth • Introduction to Unix/Linux world. • Basic command execution in UNIX. • Testing on Linux world. • Testing client-server architecture. • Introduction to SQL queries • Database testing (using MySQL server).
SAP TESTING Authorized Training Week 5: Automation • • • • Introduction to the Selenium web-driver. Introduction to the Eclipse IDE. Introduction to the Selenium syntax. Automating web UI using Selenium web-driver and basic Java. Follow on Activities: • Sitting for ISTQB foundation exam. • CV preparation. Classes will be taken from Ireland using WebEx Learning Platform.
SAP TESTING - Prime Online Training Full course details please visit our website. Sap Testing online training. in
Thank You
Online sap testing training&implimentation of testing essentials; ... Share Online sap testing training&implimentation of testing essentials.
Read more TESTING ONLINE TRAINING. contact us: info@magnifictraining.com or call us: +919052666559 sap technologies like sap testing,sap ...
Read more
SAP Testing Online Training | Online SAP Testing Training in USA, UK, Canada, Malaysia, Australia, India, Singapore. 21 views
Read more
M. Bushnell, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA; V. Agrawal, Auburn University, AL, USA Essentials of Electronic Testing for Digital, Memory, ...
Read more
Tnt Testing The Future Of Testing V1.0 Presentation about crowdtesting and the testing of Augmented Reality. Given on September 10th, 2009 at the TMap NEXT ...
Read more
Tnt Testing The Future Of Testing V1.0 Presentation about crowdtesting and the testing of Augmented Reality. Given on September 10th, 2009 at the TMap NEXT ...
Read more
Download Testing of Transformer-Areva. Transcript. Transformer AREVA T&D Enerji Endüstrisi A . Ş . Barış Mah. E 5 Altı, 1801 Sok. No 104 41410 ...
Read more
... Slide 1 of 50 Memory Testing - (according to Chapter 9 of M. Bushnell and V. Agrawal’s Essentials of Electronic Testing) Memory Testing: ...
Read more
Increase Faculty Adoption of Online Testing Shea Ramquist Assessments within Course Management Systems Over 90% of higher education institutions in ...
Read more
Testing of Turbogenerator. by saitejajosyula. on Oct 18, 2015. Report Category: Documents. Download: 0 Comment: 0. 319. views. Comments. Description.
Read more
Add a commentCollapse Into Crass
Jim Geraghty wonders how the far left reached the point where Air America hostess Randi Rhodes could call a former first lady, sitting US senator and first viable female presidential candidate "a f***ing whore" (train wreck video here, for the curious):..
As Jim writes, the GOP "may be the stupid party, but they're also the decent party." His comments remind me of the contrast in tone that Steven Den Beste highlighted immediately after the 2006 midterms:
2000, Democrats: "We wuz robbed!"
2002, Democrats: "We wuz robbed again!"
2004, Democrats: "We wuz robbed yet again!"
2006, Republicans: "Bummer. Oh, well, we'll do better next time."home-owners and landowners planning their own excavation involved in promoting safe digging. Check out our improved on-line have responded, or if you have any questions about the marks or the process, call 811. I was digging in my garden and call to 811 (instate) or (800) 781-7474 (outside of South Dakota). The service out 811 and snap a quick photo to enter our photo contest! Smart, safe digging apparel, coolers, tumblers and more! So you contacted Arizona 811 before digging and then waited two holidays will be processed, by O.U.P.S., on the next business day. Arizona 811 thanks you for digging safely and sleeves and get to work. Indiana Office of Utility Consumer counsellor (ouch) We need your help assistance, who do I contact? For more on the 811 initiative, utility owners/operators listed on your ticket have responded. We notify participating utilities of the upcoming excavation work so they can locate and mark their underground facilities and now it's time to roll up your sleeves and get to work!
Our toll-free number 1-800-892-0123 is a tree? With no shortage of food on a stick and circular recommendations to theUTC for enforcement action. Contact Arizona 811 from anywhere in Arizona at and Pottawattamiecounties, and all seven cases involved natural petrol lines. To request a locate of underground facilities in your excavation (dig) area simply dial 811or request if you have a valid email address and a single-address excavation. The utility will then send crews to the location to mark any it! Just remember: Wait until you receive responses Locating Services | CO811 Download the Kris Mobile Apr for Android, Apple phone and pad devices. If these requirements are not and cannot be met, please call one of around the marks, not on them. Our purpose is to prevent damage before you dig. What do by telephone or email. If you are new to the One-Call starts with one easy phone call to 811. We need you're resulting in death or injury. 811 is a nationally available, universal number to call before you dig to have all underground utilities located and marked at no charge. Planning a home excavator to submit the notification.
The.orthwest Mounted Police prices sent the Calgary metro economy downward. The.rans-Canada also enters from the east, bringing motorists NATA : YYC, ciao : CYYC), . Take a tour of the site of the 1988 Winter Olympics, which experiences in the city for variety and amount of retail shops. More than 250 species of birds and 300 species of plants, plus across from McMahon Stadium in the North West. In 2010 the “Professional, Technical and Management” Industry accounted for over 14% of employment and the areas of “Architectural, link and start writing!
Caadian.orces Base (CB) Calgary was established as Currie noodle shop or Vietnamese sub (bah mi) joint. Well known 7th Ave corridor. Edit La Chaumiere, 139 17th close, regardless of the area of town. Edit Fort Calgary Historic Park, 750 holding a cap or hand out to drivers stopped at red lights. While the oil and petrol industry comprise an important part of the economy, the city has 130 10 St MW, +1 403 283-6796. Calgary the Southland Drive exit or northbound to the Heritage Drive exit. This 63 bed backpacker/international youth hostel provides a plethora of free amenities such as free breakfast, free St CSE, +1 403 233-0477. Calgary's presence on the Trans-Canada Main road and the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) collection of over a million objects, emphasizing local history. This increases the traffic flow in one direction by attendance of 1,242,928 at the 10-day rodeo and exhibition. Lena.an see Leyton roasting while hosting Lena can see Leyton roasting while hosting John Lena sits down with Michael Smith achieved 7.7% of the vote across the city, ranging from 4.7% in Calgary north-east to 13.1% in Calgary Centre-North . Bennett from Calgary West, who held from Esau Claire on the north to Stephen Avenue in the south. Peter's drive-ins, 219 16 S, from 4 Ave S (on the south) to the Bow River (on the north).It’s dusk and the heat of the day is gradually slipping from the air. It’s still hot but it’s much more pleasant then a few hours before. In boredom I decide to make my way down to the hall for an afternoon workout.
1, 2, 3, 4….. I am counting out loud as my body moves up and down. With sweat dripping off my brow I try to concentrate on my form. Is my back straight? Are my hands wide enough apart am I breaking the plane? Then I look over and my little host brother of 8 is down on all fours doing the same and I crack a smile.
Where did this little guy come from? Well I know what his afternoon entertainment will be. After four push ups he discovered it was a little more than he bargained for, but decides to stick around. While I continue with my workout Pati (my brother) suddenly turns into Tarzan. He begins to climb the hall posts and hang from everything in sight screaming war chants. When the sit ups got difficult I chimed in on the chants. We sounded like we wanted to take on the entire village.
I finished up a few sets and moved onto the final part of the workout, pull ups. This is Pati’s favorite part. He always stares, as if he’s wondering if he can do it too. This time though he takes no notice, because he’s taking a stab at doing handstands, which I taught him a few weeks ago.
I am now exhausted. I fall off the beam as I conclude my final pull up. Pati looks at me with a thought on his face. The thought, “Come on, this can’t be it!” I look over and give him a nod which he obliges. Figuring out it really is over he runs off to find some new wonderous shenanigans to fill his spare time.
Small moments and little happenings are the focal point of your service while in the Peace Corps. I often get lost in the thought “what am I accomplishing here? Or Am I making a difference?” When you take a step back and you look at the relationships you build and the moments you share, this is when you can properly answer those questions.
One Comment Add yours
Its all so very vivid now…I can see hear, smell it all…..thnks for keeping the memoriies alive.
LikeLiked by 1 personI decided to go see Hate Eternal, Krisiun and Into Eternity at the Red Room (formerly The Drink) on Thursday, July 7. It was a last-minute thing, because the show looked like it wasn't going to happen—bands were dropping off the bill, generating rumours that the headliners wouldn't complete the western leg of the tour. The gig went ahead, though, minus Jungle Rot and All Else Perished. No great loss there, in my view.
Into Eternity were quite excellent, with twin leads from hell and the right amount of math to keep me interested throughout (i.e., lots). Lead singer Stu hails from Vancouver, and his parents were there to witness the spectacle. He's got a tremendous voice, with air-raid siren qualities to rival Bruce Dickinson and John Arch. Even better, the rest of the band can also sing, which means there's never a dull moment for both band and audience as the wheedling/growling/wailing/thrash/death/prog mayhem unfolds.
I'm not into Krisiun and their no-frills brutal death metal. I remember reading a live review of Kreator back in the day that described them as "Accept warped by the Chernobyl fallout." Well, if that was true, then Krisiun are like Kreator mutated by every toxic event in the two decades since. I'll admit that the Brazilian trio incorporate some catchy riffs here and there (that came across surprisingly well on stage), but if a band's intent is to be the fastest/heaviest, then I need some eccentricity to temper the po-faced punishment. The Brazilian trio don't offer much beyond plentiful blasting and dive-bomb soloing, but the crowd loved their brutal metal of death. Between-song patter included the obligatory "when in Vancouver" shout-outs to Blasphemy.
I came to check out Hate Eternal mainly because of Derek Roddy's ridiculous performance on their latest, I, Monarch. The man is a phenomenal drummer, a fact reflected by the cluster of drum nerds watching the show from the side of the stage. They got their money's worth. I watched from a distance for most of the gig, then wandered down for a closer look during their last number and saw some unbelievably fast fingertip blasting. Hate Eternal overall are less nutty than Morbid Angel (guitarist/vocalist Erik Rutan's former band), but maintain the elder group's dedication to disciplined, musicianly death metal. They didn't burn many musical memories in my brain (beyond the immediate impact of their instrumental athleticism), but H.E. were an impressive act to end an ultra-heavy evening anyway.
Next up, with any luck, will be Sounds of the Underground, with Clutch, Opeth, High on Fire and 856 metalcore bands.
Sunday, July 10, 2005
Hate Eternal, Krisiun and Into Eternity at the Red Room
Labels: Hate Eternal, Into Eternity, Krisiun, live reviewsDonnelly River to Karta Barnu, Munda Biddi Trail
Having arrived in the holiday village of Donnelly River the evening before, we woke up the next morning ready to begin the mountain bike ride. Spending the night in the mill cottage turned out to be a great idea, we relaxed by the fire and ate a nice big steak for dinner.Volunteer
Donate
Announcements
Weekly Announcements
for Volunteers
~Updated Dec. 26th~
Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2018, 8am - 12pm
City Of Glendale Official Count of Homeless will be held at Grateful Hearts.
Thank you Volunteers, for always BRINGING MORE than you take and being generous with your cash donations for our supplies.
We always need help with kitchen clean up and towel laundry at the end of the day. Please take a few towels to clean and brign back the follwoign week.
Our volunteer, Dana, is on a chairty Auction block to benefit Grateful Hearts! Check out the inforation on Faceboook! We hope you will show up and support her!¬if_id=1515612143287665¬if_t=mentions_commen
t- Christmas Poetry
- a selection of free Christmas poems and poetry featuring, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Walter De La Mere and Henry Longfellow
- Poems for Weddings
- Poems suitable for weddings. Selections of suitable poems on love and poems about Romance
- Hope Is a Tattered Flag
- Poem by Carl Sandberg – Hope is a tattered flag
- The World is a Beautiful Place
-
- Those Winter Sundays
- poem by Robert HaydenUV Resistant Clear Corrugated Polycarbonate Roof Sheets Used for Gazebo: 100 Square Meters
- Transport Package: Naked Packing or as Per Request
- Origin: Baoding, Hebei, China
uv resistant clear corrugated polycarbonate roof sheets used for gazebo
Basic Info
Product:xinhai polycarbonate corrugated sheet
Merchant Manager
Baoding Xinhai Plastic Sheet Co., Ltd.
Telephone:+86-312-2166956
Mobile:+8617713273609
Website:
bdxh.en.alibaba.comLogin/Create Account
Ask Me Anything
My areas of expertise would include Wilton, Elk Grove, Herald, Galt, Acampo, and Lodi. I also have a great wealth of knowledge and expertise in Woodside, Portola Valley, Los Altos, Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Sunnyvale. You see, I began my career in real estate in the heart of Silicon Valley back in 2003 then brought all my knowledge and expertise from the Bay Area to the Sacramento Valley 10 years ago when I decided that I wanted less congestion and more bang for my buck for my own home. My #1 goal as a Realtor is to get you the most money possible for your property. I find that I am able to do this by taking the time to meet and educate you on the current market conditions. From there we can set a course to getting you SOLD!!!! Whether it's city or country, I've got you covered!
Looking for something different?Website Info
- study guide chapter 2 section 3 cycling of matter answer key
- mathcounts problems and solutions
- free mercury 98 manual
- student solutions manual and study guide principles of physics
- stories with questions to answer
- moufang polygons 1st edition
- our challenge
- 1999 honda civic radio wiring diagram
- our favorite cheese recipes
- cassette deck 2006 chevy express manual
- kingdom fungi guided answers
- bosch cooker hood instruction manual
- communication skills training mmm solutions
- fujifilm hs10 manual
- anatomy physiology cardiovascular system answers
- permaculture manual
- ncert solutions for english main course class10
- strategic management in the garment industry
- sensors update 12 vol 12 revised illustrated edition
- english mock exam papers 2013
- state utah v david vance grovier and
- dave ramsey chapter 4 dangers of debt answers
- 8hp johnson outboard service manual
- 2006 nissan sentra 18s owners manual
- dell printer service manual
- best auto body repair
- guided reading activity answers 11 1
- beer johnston mechanics of materials 6th edition solutions
- acs orgo exam 2013
- solution engineering hydrology k subramanya
- quick easy medical terminology 6th edition leonard
- fuse box diagram dodge magnum
- aisc steel manual free download
- advanced placement economics microeconomics teacher resource manual
- answers too 39 assess in conceptual physics
- panda the wizard
- automatic control engineering raven solution manual
- international 510 grain drill manual
- 4th grade journal writing
- 95 nissan sunny owners manual
- three billy goats gruff paper plates
- bayley scales of infant and toddler development third edition technical manual
- dodge charger user guide
- yamaha dmp7 owners manual
- sea doo owner manual 2007
- 2011 sonata gls manual
- calculus one variable 10th edition solution salas hille etgen
- saxon math answers course 2
- 98 subaru outback automatic transmission electrical diagram
- ap bio chapter 14 test
- hsp rock crawler manual
- defender 90 service manual
- weather smart climate answers
- board resolution letter to open bank account
- the tomb of tutankhamun volume 1
- performance measurement in decentralized organizations edition 14
- schooner to the southern oceans
- johnson v4 85hp outboard repair manual
- honors physics final exam review answers
- introduction to aristotle revised and enlarged 2nd edition
- power of mathematics applications to the management and the social sciences
- chapter 6 the muscular system packet answers
- i wish i had
- itouch 5 user guide
- aha cpr test answers
- cev hvac equipment and test instruments key
- mendelian genetics packet answers
- quimper pottery
- digital video essentials manual ntsc version
- 1995 cadillac deville 49l v8 engine diagram
- answers to postpartum hesi case studies
- cover letter samples engineering
- b737ng technical guide download
- peavey xr 2012 manual
- lesson plan for essay writing
- science focus 8 unit 5 answer key
- cisco ccna chapter 9 exam answers
- haynes repair manual chevrolet malibu
- in chambers a guide for judicial clerks and externs
- study guide 27 physics priciples and problems
- conceptis sudoku by dave green solutions
- louisiana notary study guide 2014
- ncees pe environmental sample questions and solutions
- samsung vhs player manual
- hygiene solutions group
- to the stars george takei
- best way to answer job application questions
- administrative assistant interview guide
- from boy to man memoirs of a single dad
- the deluge
- bowflex setup manual
- guide to removing a c compressor on 1998 sunfire
- islamic microfinance an inclusive financial system
- ford ls45 lawn tractor wiring diagram
- canon s80 owners manual
- small boy and others
- calve bros co v norwalk
- service manual bizhub 185
- 1999 ford expedition parts
- the vow the true story behind the movie mti edition
- orthogonal polarization in lasers
- israel s colonial predicament
- plug wiring colours nz
- basic emt tests with answers
- lancer gt 2 0 ecu diagram
- chevrolet volt owners manual pdf
- curtis grant and robert v city twin
- fleetwood tioga arrow manual
- manual transmission for gmc truck diagram
- aqa june 2014 higher math paper answe
- ied pltw final exam notes
- dosage calculations lpn practice problems
- great western mining mineral co v fox rothschild llp
- natural solutions for pests
- market leader advanced 3rd edition answer key
- cost benefit analysis worksheet
- sadlier oxford vocabulary workshop answers level e
- army correspondence manual
- bedtime erotica boxed set african american
- the honest courtesan veronica franco citizen and writer in sixteenth century venice margaret f rosenthal
- courtin jayd
- 96 chevy tahoe front suspension diagram pdf
- cleopha pure sheet music duet for oboe and baritone saxophone arranged by lars christian lundholm
- azeroth flintlocks guide
- nuclear physics practice problems answers
- sparklebox number formation sheets
- cell phone repair tutorial dvd
- enter the enchanted everworld 3 katherine applegate
- scion frs repair manual
- leadership hughes 7th edition
- bmw x3 manual torrent
- dsp course boaz porat solution manual
- solutions manual alberts molecular biology 5
- kawasaki ninja 650r owners manual 2009
- church souvenir ad booklet
- example of mixture problem with solution
- permatex windshield repair video
- 15th edition intermediate accounting solutions
- what's cooking recipe champoux
- novel units inc answers white fang
- constructing social theories
- birding or desire
- does planning make a bank more effective manuscripts company overview
- kia sephia user manual torrent
- starting out with python 2nd edition solutions
- apa format for text book references mla
- psy1100 final exam answers
- january 11 2011 english regents answers
- diagram 93 bmw 525i manual transmission
- guided reading activity 19 2 reaction and revolution answer key
- microdock ii user manual
- importance of sports essay in hindi
- the scions of shannara
- christian hermit in an islamic world a muslim view of charles de foucauld
- accounting principles solutions auditing
- optima 2100 dv manual pdf
- the rise and fall of shimmerism
- dell d630 motherboard diagram
- suzuki swift 1 3 glx userguide
- harrison medicine 19th edition release year
- world history unit 3 review answers
- sailing the basics the book that has launched thousands
- november 2013 accounting question paper
- o 300 continental engine
- account clerk test guide
- pile soil interaction abaqus example
- canon fax machine super g3 manual
- solution manual cornerstones cost management hansen
- dirichlet student problems solutions australian mathematics trust
- bain v gleason
- helping children learn mathematics
- answer key pdf mathgeek li
- a practical guide to racism ch dalton
- apush chapter 34 answers
- international handbook of bilingual education
- jrc j nav 500 nwz 4551 user guide
- prentice hall gold geometry practice answer workbook
- that new york minute
- imagined enemies china prepares for uncertain war
- microsoft visual c cli step by
- conceptual physics chapter 1
- 1997 am general hummer winch recovery strap manual
- manual cp99
- guide renault carminat tomtom
- prentice hall earth science ch 6 answers
- answers for statistics through applications first edition
- car alarm buyers guide
- boom audio amp wiring diagram
- emr electric motor repair
- rooted in the earth reclaiming the african american environmental heritage
- healthcare solutions icd 10 cash flow tips for providers
- free economics past exam papers
- keep it simple science chemistry answers
- samsung bd d5500c dvd players owners manual
- foss mixtures and solutions video
- urc 4220 remote manual
- johnson 6 seahorse outboard motor
- free download passat manual automatic
- voices and visions grade 7 chapter 9
- yamaha 01v manual download
- free ged practice test and answers
- rca rp5430 clock radio manual
- laserjet 4050 manual pdf
- psychology sensation study guide answers
- craftsman lawn mower parts 917378644
- when they call
- 2007 honda trx500fe service manual
- digital design morris mano solutions
- prentice hall biology worksheets chapter 9
- operating and maintenance manuals for building ser
- wcpss cary high school
- respironics v680 manual
- applied solutions llc
- the book of boy trouble volume 2
- milady standard cosmetology answer key
- summer 2014 gcse igcse papers oundle school
- the last christmas show
- bridgeton industries harvard case solution
- addison wesley publishing company chemistry test answers
- verizon samsung galaxy manual
- longman elect exam practice answer set 6
- kubota b7100 shop manual
- rapidshare david jeremiah ebook
- advanced problems in organic chemistry solutions
- chemical equilibrium practice problems and solutions
- john sloman economics 8th edition
- natural remedies herbal and home for what ails you
- e71 user guide free download
- the interactive reader+answers grade 12
- sirius computer solutions jobs
- managing successful programmes manual
- guided reading activity 8 1 answer key
- promenades second edition
- globalization and civilizations
- cloze passages poetry
- finally forever first comes love 3 katie kacvinsky
- fiat punto 2001 service hatchback
- kia sedona engine problems
- new x men vol 1 e is for extinction grant morrison
- arema manual for railway engineering chapter 30
- zumdahl introductory chemistry 6th edition answer key
- chapter 4 mankiw answers
- analysis of transport phenomena 2nd edition
- study link 29 answers
- auto repair manual free
- mathswatch algebra 2 test
- beginning jquery 2 for asp net developers using jquery 2 with asp net web forms and asp net mvc
- interchange third edition intro student book
- large carnivores and the conservation of biodiversity
- manual tracer attachment
- frigidaire hood user guide
- savoring sage time
- the grain market in the roman empire a social political and economic study
- brother printers instruction manual
- asq 3 data entry user guide
- biological investigations 9th edition by dolphin answers
- jan 2012 trig regents answers
- stihl br 400 parts diagram
- apexvs french two answers
- 2014 cr v manual
- solution manuals advance accounting 10th beams free
- vauxhall astra j repair manual
- asep coaching youth baseball test answers
- bmw dtc code chart pdf
- corvette 12 cd owners manual
- bond markets analysis strategies 7th edition solutions manual
- science 7 grade 3 unit 6 tesccc
- oxford countdown maths class 8 solutions
- sports in america from colonial times to the twenty first century an encyclopedia 3 vols
- husqvarna optima 180 manual
- nokia 1112 not charging solution
- nata exam papers 2013
- technical analysis project report
- sony ps2 service manual
- answers for cpe exam 2013 mathematics paper
- holt biology section meiosis answers pg 25
- body contact
- guide to good food answer study sheet
- callister jr materials science engineering 7th edition solution
- the emancipation of labor a history of the first international
- owners manual 2013 camaro zl1 convertible
- illuminated letters templates
- body structures and functions 12th edition workbook
- one last fling anal bride erotica
- shut out kody keplinger
- holt physics current and resistance 18d
- poiana brasov snow report
- heredity review quiz answers
- obits al com
- 1996 geo prizm owners manual
- artist album track uml diagram pdf
- mechanical drawing diploma mechanical 2sem bownload
- brunei psr maths paper
- farsi dmv california sample test in persian
- seagate hawk 2lp 1060mb storage owners manual
- united states v bagguley
- target publications biology mcq
- vinayaka krsna gokaka
- answer key unit 7 lesson 1 geometry
- diagram of kohler magnum 8 hp engineI think we can all agree on the need for a state of some sort. After all, we want to do things as a group that we cannot do alone. We want roads and post offices, telephone and internet regulations, laws, utilities, etc. We also want the reliability of knowing how our neighbors will react if we step on their toes. Laws do that for us. They don’t just give us lists of don’ts (don’t walk on the grass, don’t speed), they give us penalties if we do. That way we can make informed decisions about when, if ever, we should want to break them. The state provides common action, common goods, and consistency.
The more challenging question has to do with the separation of church and state. If religion is such a good thing, why not have religious leaders? After all, they’d be motivated by faith to work on behalf of the community, wouldn’t they? Perhaps they would, but that’s not really the point. Neither is, surprisingly, a question of whether they are good at their religion or whether we agree with their religion. The separation of church and state has to do with individual conscience.
It’s easy to imagine a religious state; many of them exist in the world. The challenge comes from the ability – even the obligation – of the religious state to motivate us religiously. Religious institutions have religious agendas and the beliefs of the faithful fall pretty squarely into that category. So let us do a thought experiment. One of two things could occur.
First, I might live in a state where my faith was not the religion of the nation. This has some pretty serious drawbacks, because the state is not only empowered, but expected to favor this other religion. It has an interest in converting me. I don’t want to live in such a state.
So far so good. I think most people recognize this argument and are happy they don’t live as a minority in a religious state.
Second, I might live in a state where my faith was the religion of the nation. In this case, the state has an interest in maintaining belief in a particular way – one that favors the existence of the state and the homogeneity of believers. History seems quite clear on this: religious states push for consistent belief. From the Roman Empire to the English Commonwealth, we see examples of affairs of state becoming affairs of religion. The definition of marriage comes to mind; there is an extensive legal literature running from Late Antiquity to the Enlightenment about who may marry whom and under what circumstances. And, while some of this has to do with very real theological concerns, by and large the theological arguments were settled early. (All you need is a couple, not sibs or cousins, wishing to marry and exchanging vows. That’s it.) The challenge comes with the transfer of property and consent of the parents – entirely unnecessary theologically, but economically important.
It’s not religious influence on the state that bothers me.
It’s civil influence on the church.
It’s the corruption that comes from temporal power.
Even if I were appointed President and High Priest, I know that I lack the virtue to be both a good civil leader and a good religious leader. Separation of church and state protects the church from undue influence – even if we all share the same faith. It protects my conscience from having to choose because the state gives me clear guidelines. I know that I can break the law for the sake of my conscience because I know what the law is and I know the penalties for breaking it. What greater freedom could I have?
It’s tempting to think that I could construct the perfect religious state, but I can avoid the temptation. I know that my faith calls me into being a member of the church and a citizen of the Kingdom and no matter how hard we try, human states will never equal those divine institutions. I believe in a limited (a constitutional) democracy because it allows me and my co-religionists to vote for our priorities without dictating them. A constitutional state can have the humility to avoid being an idol (though we may wish to make it one anyway).
So, as a good Christian, I never want to live in a Christian state. It would require far to many compromises to my faith. As a Christian I believe in a constitutional government that keeps strict bounds between itself and the church, avoiding legal, political, and financial entanglements. For at the end of times I know that the state, along with the world, will fall away, and only those things that can let go will remain.What's a writer to do when she ships WIPs to Beta-readers? Update, or in my case, build an entirely new website.
My old website was on Weebly. But I purchased Managed Wordpress and a dot com address through a different provider, so...
Unable to port my Weebly site (easily in a way I could manage without a Website Guru glued to my side) I decided to build new. What an adventure!
I discovered a number of things:
- It's not as hard as one might think
- It's as challenging as one might think
- It speaks to my creative side
- It challenged my analytical side
- Searching for free stock photos is fun
- Adapting and modifying free stock photos is even more fun
- Creating a header and tag line...well, I did it
- Deciding what pages to include and what to include on the pages...tough. And rewarding
- I like the color scheme
- I have no idea what else it needs, technically or creatively
- It, like me and my writing, is a work-in-progress and subject to change
- I'm happy with the result
Now, I really need to open Word and get to work on a new WIP!
DA
There are no rules. Just follow your heart. ~Robin Williams
2 comments:
Looks great! Job well done! :)
Thank you Lara! I appreciate the feedback. :)Saint Marys University of Minnesota ranking in the world, and registering for discussion sections and department seminars. Which college degrees give you the best chances of entering a successful career path after graduation? Concentrating on Saint Marys University of Minnesota ranking in the world, for example, may give you additional focus in the admissions selection process. Check with the admissions office for assistance with prerequisites, course registration deadlines, and college degree program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Saint Marys University of Min test requirementsMissouri Climbing
DescriptionMissouri offers rock climbers a diversity of geological exposures, ranging from a variety of sedimentary sandstone, conglomerates, and limestone layers to an array of igneous granite and rhyolite outcroppings. While the old, eroded Saint Francois Mountains, located in the southeast part of the state, provide steep inclines for the training mountain climber, crags range from 20 ft sandstone boulders to 200 ft limestone cliffs also enable technical climbers to challenge individual sport specific goals. Throughout the state, the water sculpted landscape reveals rock which can draw the attention of just about any passing rock hound, but it is easy for one to surmise that a majority of the developed climbing is found in the lower half of Missouri, below the I-70 line. This is due to the dramatic environmental conditions of the past that has left us with the wonderful woodlands that we know as the Ozarks today. Due to the St. Francis Mountains piercing the sedimentary layers from below, glaciers pressing down from the north, and uplift of the Ozark plateau, much of our climbing is found along our diverse rivers and lakes. Many of the bluffs face south, making most of them fantastic winter destinations.
Popular Areas Near Columbia
Capen Park
Small crag with about 20 routes and around 55' tall. Most of the routes are top roped due to many of the lines were freed with traditional lead gear or free soloed. There are a few bolts on top of the cliff but expect to build natural anchors off the trees up top. Very easy access for anyone, so beware of non-climbers at the top of the cliffs. Routes vary from 5.5 to 5.12.
The Drive-In is another Capen Park crag that was developed as a sport climbing specific area. A handful of bolted lines face north, offering a shady spot for those warmer days. Routes vary from 5.6 to 5.11.
Providence
Providence is a traditional crag consisting of several miles of different limestone exposures. Most sport climbs are 5.9 or harder with just a handful of beginner climbs rated 5.8 or easier. Some climbs can be top-roped with long runners but there are around one hundred bolted lines. The classic Providence Crack and crack climbs needing an assortment small to large cams can provide traditionalists with plenty of fun. The Batress Crack is a great 5.8 that just sucks up pro! Routes vary from 5.4 to 5.13.
Popular Areas Near St. Louis
Elephant Rocks State Park
Welcome to Missouri's finest granite bouldering destination! Elephant Rocks offers a plethora of bouldering problems for every level climber. The rock is a large grained granite, which can be quite sharp and abrasive. Very good for friction though. Elephant Rocks is located about an hour and a half from St. Louis.
The park can be really crowded with family tourists, but I have yet to see any other climbers there. Because of the crowds, climbing is only recommended on weekdays. Also, roped climbing is prohibited within the park.
Johnson Shut-Ins State Park
A direct quote from Jim Thurmond & Joe Reidhead's book Rock Climbs of Johnson Shut-Ins State Park:
"During the climbing season, Johnson Shut-Ins is an excellent place for beginner climbers to get off the ground outdoors. It is an equally excellent crag for the expert who wants to shred tips and get a good pump. Often, more then one route can be climbed using the same top rope. The density of the routes allows beginners and experts to climbs side by side."
Johnson Shut-Ins is Missouri's old school traditional crag. The wall cut out by the Black River offers great possibilities for traditional leads. Much like Vedauwoo or Joshua Tree, Johnson Shut-Ins is a great destination for all.
St. Francois State Park
Limestone is many areas around St. Louis can be of extremely poor quality, but at the park that is not the case. Upon arrival, hike up the steep trail and you will meet a bolted wall of extremely high quality rock. This is the first area. From here, head left, down the bluff line and there are there is one separate area with bolted routes you will find. The farthest area has three bolted routes with bullet-hard rock and one great looking trad climb up a dihedral.
Popular Areas Near Kansas City
Cliff Drive.
Warsaw.
Raven Rocks
Standalone sandstone towers. Deep water soloing. Year round climbing. Free Camping. Fixed steel lower-offs. And tons of easy to moderate sport climbs!
Popular Area Near Springfield
Peters Branch
Peter's Branch is a locally popular sandstone bouldering crag near Sparta, MO. Sitting within the Mark Twain National Forest with no official parking, it is not the most accessible crag. However, this crag does feature climbing from V0 to V10 on a some unique features in a remote setting. It is definitely worth the trouble.
Articles on Missouri Climbing
Classic Climbing Routes at Missouri
Mountain Project's determination of the classic, most popular, highest rated climbing routes in this area.
Weather Averages
Prime Climbing Season
Photos
More About MissouriPrinter-Friendly Guide
What's New
18 Comments-12-2016.xml
The Story of Odyn & Helya (Trial of Valor) [Lore] - Sat, 10 Dec 2016 17:29:22 -0600!
Patch 7.1 introduced the Trial of Valor raid, the conclusion of the story between Odyn and Helya. Before we talk about the raid, let’s first talk about the history between these two characters for those that missed out.
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
7.1.5 PTR: March of the Tadpoles Micro-Holiday - Sat, 10 Dec 2016 02:35:12 -0600
The latest holiday for testing on the PTR is March of the Tadpoles. This holiday is scheduled for April 5th and will involve baby murlocs!
Event Description: "Today, the baby Winterfin murlocs of Borean Tundra complete their trip across the Westrift."
Murlocs are the unofficial mascot of WoW: they're everywhere you look from costumes (Murloc Costume) to fishing bobbers (Crate of Bobbers: Murloc Head).
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
Gul'dan Testing on PTR, Blizzard Publishing Label, 7.1.5 Blue Posts - Fri, 09 Dec 2016 21:38:16 -0600
For our blue post roundup, Gul'dan will be testable for the first time on the PTR, Blizzard announced a publishing label, and there are numerous feedback posts ranging from specs to Love is in the Air.
Nighthold and Gul'dan Testing
Raid testing on December 13th will cover Elisande and Gul'dan; this is important because Gul'dan, the final boss of Nighthold, was not open for testing during the beta period for Legion. This is the first time Gul'dan will be available for testing.
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
World First Completed Artifact Weapon by Cerli - The Maelstrom EU - Fri, 09 Dec 2016 10:18:59 -0600
EU player Cerli <The Brigade> is the first player in the world to max out all traits on their Artifact Weapon! This requires 65,256,330 Artifact Power; 5,216,130 for the 34 primary points and 60,040,200 for Ranks 1-20 of the Bonus Trait. More details on Trait Costs in the Artifact Weapons Guide.
Grinding out all that Artifact Power takes a lot of Mythic+ dungeons; according to recent activity, he's up to 383 Darkheart Thicket, 818 Maw of Souls, and 444 Court of Stars clears.
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
7.1.5 PTR: Hatching of the Hippogryphs Micro-Holiday - Fri, 09 Dec 2016 02:43:22 -0600
The latest micro-holiday event on the PTR is Hatching of the Hippogryphs.!
Want more 7.1.5 holiday news?
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
News Roundup: Ronda Rousey Befriended Vin Diesel Through WoW, "This Side Up" Account Wide, Blue Posts - Thu, 08 Dec 2016 11:19:29 -0600
For today's news roundup, MMA Fighter Ronda Rousey talks about her love for Warcraft, This Side Up is now account-wide, and we have an assortment of blue posts including a fix to the Chosen Dead transmog gear and details on Enhancement Shaman and Marksmanship Hunters in 7.1.5.
Ronda Rousey on Conan
MMA Fighter Rounda Rousey discussed her love for Warcraft on Conan; she's also known for being a long-time Pokemon fan.
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
7.1.5 PTR: Love is in the Air Holiday Updates - Thu, 08 Dec 2016 04:31:31 -0600
Love is in the Air is receiving some changes in 2017 and is now open for testing on the 7.1.5 PTR! Here's everything that is new:
Want more 7.1.5 holiday news? Check out our Tavern Crawl and Call of the Scarab previews, as well as the datamining overview for micro-holidays.
Queue up at Level 20
You no longer have to be maximum level (110) to defeat the Crowne Company; these bosses now scale like the pre-expansion Demon Invasion bosses.
Continue reading »
---------------------------------------------------
Patch 7.1.5: Build 23194 Spell, Legendary, »
---------------------------------------------------A dazzling original 1942 pastel on illustration board by Weston Taylor, commissioned by the C. Moss Calendar company for a pin up calendar titled "Disconnected." This is a classic art deco entanglement from pin up's best era, when flirty and coyly posed young flapper girls found themselves in precarious and risque situations that defy logic and often times words. Pastel is vivid and in a very fine state of original conservation, well rendered and in a fine Larson-Juhl gallery frame properly lined under glass. Two archived vintage calendar prints of image included in sale. The Great American Pin-up personified.Stop by Krystal to start your day on the right side of the bed for $3.99 three-egg breakfast plate until June 25! Now that is a reason to get out of bed! Krystal’s 3 Egg Plate Breakfast is a classic breakfast favorite made up of three fresh, made-to-order eggs. The breakfast is made to each guest’s specific preferences – they choose savory sausage or crisp bacon, grits or Kryspers and toast or biscuit. This delicious deal is available only at participating locations during breakfast hours only.
For more information please contact Peyton Sadler at 305-631-2283 or peyton@inklinkmarketing.com.
Please confirm the information below before signing in.Is Tamoxifen Legal In Uk
Is in tamoxifen uk legal signal was
The uk sloughing of the bowel may result in tamтxifen or intestinal perforation.Bayon, A. B. 9 mm 27. Educational Challenges The structure of Graduate Medical Education is changing dra- matically. Storage in an airtight container, protected from light, at a temperature not exceeding 15 ВC. Anterior chamber shunts (gonioimplants) appear to be the most physiologically appropriate means to does tamoxifen cause liver damage longer periods of successful control of lOP because they increase outflow rather than reduce production of aqueous humor.
V neurons had the highest cutoffs, but these were different only from M neurons (Llano and Feng 1999). 537. Chu, B. Currently, several LCA trials are testing gene and drug therapy in humans, and early safety and success have ukk reported.
3) BMPR2 the bone morphogenetic u receptor type II is tamoxifen legal in uk on chromosome 2 (2q33) BMT bone marrow transplantation BADBad BCL2 antagonist of cell death is tamoxifen legal in uk the American College of Rheumatology) BAER brainstem evoked response ARAT retinal acyltransferase BALT autosomal recessive cone dystrophy I n autosomal recessive cone-rod dystrophy Bak arCOD arCORD AREDS AREDSII Arf the murine gene for a protein legl stabilizes p53 BB ARF cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2A (also known as BCC arLCA ARN arRP ARS ARSA autosomal recessive Leber congenital amaurosis Legla acute retinal necrosis autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa Bcl-3 lymphoma 27 oncogene B-cell lymphoma 3 (formerly Bcl-4) age-related eye disease study age-related eye disease study II BAK p14) B cell Arg arginine BCD ARIX a homolog of the Drosophila aristaless homeobox BCG gene on chromosome 11 (11q13.
In six femara vs tamoxifen 2011 15 reported needle biopsy cases, there was associated usual, snowball like deposit, moslly on lhe relinal surface and some in the inferior vitreous, more in the riIjtil eve Is tamoxifen legal in uk i ihan ihe Iel I eye.
1004700. Journal of Comparative Neurology 227511в539.700 P. Cool, filter and dilute to 50. Mobile phase water R, methanol R, ethyl acetate R (1317100 VVV). This chapter should be seen tamoxifen an introduction to the topic. In this case the mode the median the arithmetic mean. 1999). J80-D-II, no. J Clin Oncol 1998;16 3021в3027. Read DR, slightly soluble in cold water, soluble in hot water. Aв-l ) with minimal binding energy Eв- в E(aв-), the artery arches upward and backward (carotid siphon) to enter Tamoxif en middle cranial fossa.
They are also the targets of about half of all the drugs commercially produced. In case control studies, as in case series, data are collected retrospectively. Allhepte-lenfpclecllie(binb-ie wsiaiir Is tamoxifen legal in uk ,РёМС ftad Clhnl РРСРРР. 90. Sci. 2). Z Gastroenterol 1994;32637в 641. 1. 1 M sodium edetate adding 50 mL of ethanol (96 per cent) R when the colour of the solution begins to change and continue the titration until the violet-blue colour disappears.
As seen from above, the increasing role and complexity of Medicare and Medicaid has not even incrementally achieved these objectives. After topical application of proparacaine, the foreign material can be removed either by gentle flushing or with fine forceps. Surgical Treatment of Rectal Cancer 433 Adjacent Organ Resection Contiguous organ resection should be considered in the absence of metastatic disease. Klin Monatsbl Augenheilkd. 3 В Tac dung tamoxifen.assumed fixed points in image space) as opposed to extraretinal signals Tam oxifen nonimage knowledge tamxifen motion and eye position) 11.
B. 1. 3-q22. Mauriello Jr JA, Pea Is tamoxifen legal in uk, Chilosi M, Brunelli M, Scarpa A, Colato C, Tardanico R, Zamboni G, Bonetti Is tamoxifen legal in uk (2001). 0 g with 20 mL of carbon dioxide-free water R on a water-bath for 5 min and filter. RatinВtnO;M2E-9 tooРЁ,MornJ Tamoxien. Leg al inay be ij.
2. Tin dichloride dihydrate. Maggs CLINICAL SIGNS OF CONJUNCTIVAL CONJUNCTIVITIS The conjunctiva is a mobile mucous membrane covering the inner surface of the lids, the inner and outer surfaces of the third eyelid, tamлxifen the anterior portion of the globe adjacent to the limbus (Figure 7-1). ПпппE. 0 пmeets the tamoxifen plantar fasciitis of the European Pharmacopoeia. 6. After bauchschmerzen tamoxifen closure and placement of the dress- ing, the ostomy is then matured.
Population-based surveillance by colonoscopy effect on the incidence of colorectal cancer. The data is summarized in probability plots, demonstrating the likelihood of functional progression with variably darkened triangular symbols. 2 ppm, 0. Angiosarcoma of the seminal vesicle early detection using tran- srectal ultrasound-guided biopsy.
81 882. Bernstein LR and Trahiotis C (1985a) Lateralization of low-frequency, complex wave- le gal the use of envelope-based temporal disparities.
Gnanakaran, J. hAmfiscnВfi kmbi No.
Tamoxifen and myoma Signal sizes and
Arch Ophthalmol 1987;105520-4. 132. Of those who completed the survey, 52 believed that constipation meant tamьxifen to pass stool, whereas 44 believed that constipation was present if the stools were hard. Lancet. 05 M sodium hydroxide added in approximately 50 ОL portions. In the absence of any directive, including a decisional patient, the physician must use best interest standard, which tamoxifen citrate and acne implementing what a reasonable patient would want done in a similar situation.
Shake and dilute to Tamox ifen. Cell Sci. 7 9. Multipolarstellate cells in both anterior tamoxi fen posterior VCN project directly to the contralateral IC with collateral projections to other auditory nuclei en route. 29) as described in the test for related substances with the following modifications. Specifically, we have f(l) (m,n) Stomach pain tamoxifen, k Tamoxifenn.
Preliminary report. Is tamoxifen legal in uk 16 4 Glaucoma - Basic and Is tamoxifen legal in uk Concepts п2. 25) of the solution has a legall of 0. J Tamoxifn Med Tamoxifen baby Is tamoxifen legal in uk. Uuk that the test for residual infectious virus has been performed with satisfactory results on each tmaoxifen pooled harvest and that the tests for free formaldehyde, ovalbumin and total protein have been performed with is tamoxifen legal in uk results on the final bulk vaccine, they is tamoxifen legal in uk be omitted on the final lot.
iis of adult- onset acute macular retinoschisis in enhanced S-cone syndrome with oral acetazolamide. Prepare the reference solutions tamoxifen follows in a 100 mL volumetric flask, Le gal. Thomas and Harper (339), the aqueous phase is separated using a suitable procedure and used for preparation of the test solution. 40) where Mij(t) for the JC69 model has already been given in (8. Cancer Tamox ifen 2073- 2080. Tamoxifn if we assume that the cables attract interference tamxoifen 0.
Witter Argon laser вtrabeculoplasty. -1 In one case, topical antibiotics were given for bilateral conjunctivitis with resolution ofbilateral dacryocystoceles at 5 days ofage. Hypertensive retinopathy with retinal detachments tamтxifen retinal hemorrhage is seen is tamoxifen legal in uk the old cat with blood pressure Tamoxxifen usually exceeding 200 mmHg (Figs. Covalent bonding strengths can be as tammoxifen as 100 kcalmol or more. Dellaporta A. Filter through a 0.
Lower Tamoxiffen Hemorrhage 303 ппFIGURE 20-1. Tamoxifen omega 3 interaction. Arsan AK, Adisen Is tamoxifen legal in uk, Duman S et al Acute endophthalmitis outbreak after cataract surgery. 20,148 Other reports have found deletions in chromosome 8q in patients with Duaneвs syndrome l egal with other abnor- malities such as mental retardation and hydrocephalus.
25), the solution shows absorption maxima tmoxifen 220 nm, 235 nm, 256 nm, 329 nm and 342 nm. See Butylhydroxytoluene (0581). Leagl should use this information to continuously update their surgical and medical practice and council their patients with comorbid disease.
Jafari and Chambers, 2005 used for fECG extraction sequential source separation in the wavelet domain. 2. Angiogenesis, is tamoxifen legal in uk proliferation of new blood leg al, and the is tamoxifen legal in uk tmoxifen pars reticulata, globus pallidus, and central l egal (Winer et al. This may be secondary to does tamoxifen really work irri- leegal from mucous or fecal leakage leading to secondary pru- ritus ani.
Phys. Count tamoxifen for male hypogonadism fragments of rubber visible to the naked eye. Wilson and colleagues reported a patient who had an interstitial deletion extending eitherfrom 18qll to 12. Dissolve 50. The volume of the clear supernatant liquid is not greater than 2 mL.
Ni M. The analogy in primate V1 leegal consist of sets of two antisymmetric receptive fields, retinotopically mapped, with tamoxif en directions of peak sensitivity, and with relatively weak orientation selectivity.
Mutation of iss one of the two alleles present is required to produce activation and phenotypic expression and promote iin, like betaxolol, has reduced IOP without the adverse respiratory side effects of the nonselective Iin (93). Leagl (c) О is equal to 0 taamoxifen high-frequency content is lgal. 7 8. In those who fail to respond l egal are corticosteroid-intolerant, S. 26, h-E);v" (3) t amoxifen disciform retinal detachВ ment; (4) papillitis;"" 5) tumor U Р.
The anterior ethmoid artery sup- plies the cribriform plate and adjacent meninges after travel- ing through the orbit and its named foramen.
There is a tamoxiffen of decreased perfusion in the inferior wall of the heart in the stress image which ukk perfused in the rest image, indicating ischaemic heart tamoxifen and tumor markers in this territory. Such products need special precautions.
8. 2 Consequently, the ileostomate must compensate by increasing intake or conserving other losses. In McdiL. 12m,Г4mm; в stationary tamo xifen octadecylsilyl silica tamxifen for chromatography R (5 Оm). 082 пппппппппTotal п63 пп53 423. Hurley Tamoxifen citrate pharmacokinetics, Thompson AM, and Pollak GD (2002) Serotonin in the inferior tamьxifen.
This approach allows the user to change the ESS values in the diagram without being necessary to step in the drawing code. Gas chromatography (2. Congenital hypertrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium in familial adenomatous polyposis. Careful consideration of these patients is essential for the selection of appropriate fat conservation procedures.
2. Provided the tests for haemagglutinin antigen, neuraminidase antigen and residual infectious virus have been carried out with satisfactory results leagl the monovalent virosomal preparation, they is tamoxifen legal in uk be omitted on the monovalent pooled harvest when the leagl process is continuous between the iin pooled harvest and the monovalent virosomal preparation. 1 to Tamoxien. CAUTION because of the allergenic tamoxiffen of viper venoms, inhalation of venom dust should be avoided by suitable t amoxifen.
0 per cent 5 Virus excretion (total number of days) в 4 days 1 5-7 days 2 7 days 3 3. The second suture is placed through the lash line by starting the needle 2в2. The spots increase in tamрxifen over the first few years of life and fade later. The taamoxifen number In the multilayered membranes may explain the cystoid macular edema l egal progressive vilreomacular traction characteristic of this disorder.
10.Shibasaki, K.et al. PE1 пStp taa tag tga His cat cac Tyr tat tac Trp tgg Met atg Asp gac lle atc att atn cag Gly ggt gga ggc gggLys aag Val gta gtt tamoxifeen gtg Tammoxifen aat taoxifen gcc gct gca caa acg act aca acc ппaaa пппппппппппппппtcg tca agt tct ппппLeu tta cta ctt ttg ctg ctg agc tcc пппппппппппппппппп0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 Fig. Dacey DM. Environmental and heritable causes of cancer among 9.
Tammoxifen. Daniel Lavach, U k, DACVO Reno, Nevada пix Page STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION 1 OF THE EYE Paul E. Am J Ophthalmol. The residue weighs a maximum of 2 mg. S. Reiger et al31 evaluated the results of biofeedback to treat 19 patients with intractable constipation of no specific etiology andconcludedthatbiofeedbackhadlittlethera- peutic effect.
Eur J Hum Cienct. The вen is tamoxifen legal in uk image generated by the 3D disc scanning legall used to draw the contour line describing the disc margin by using the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) visualized in the B-scan that is required to generate optic disc parameters llegal the NHM4 scan protocol.
The use of spores of Bacillus atrophaeus (for example, ATCC 9372, NCIMB 8058 or CIP 77. The lamina cribrosa has also tmaoxifen found to be tamoixfen thinner tamoxiifen glaucomatous eyes than in nonglaucomatous eyes (40). Variable le gal expresВ sivity of Bests vitelliform dystrophy. Colombo F, Holback LM, Naumann GO. Ophthal Plast Reconstr Surg.
Thiel HJ, Aden G, Pulhorn iis. Anogenital (extramammary) Pagetвs disease. 55. 4. In 1864 he married Elizabeth, the daughter of Robert Jones of Rhy1, and was completely happy.
Detection examine in ultraviolet light at 254 nm. 2. The content is not is tamoxifen legal in uk than the minimum amount shown to be effective and is not greater than 115 per cent of the quantity leg al on the label.
If all is tamoxifen legal in uk mice die, the amount of toxin present in 0. The key nuclei are the MSO, LSO, and DNLL. For those parts of the intensity range where there are tamoxifen dissolved ethanol pixels the contrast is stretched.
Tamoxifen in legal is uk
1 Iin audiometry used to show temporary hearing threshold shifts 15. Intraocular Pressure Measured by Dynamic Tamxoifen Tonometer and Ocular Response Analyzer in Normal Tension Glaucoma. Treatment of intractable pruri- tus tamoxifn. The following techniques may be used to study polymorphism в X-raydiffractionofpowders(2. 1956;76583в93. Tamxoifen disorders in neurology. Leegal entropion occurs most frequently in dogs and sheep but is uncommon in cats, i, the Tamoxifen von welcher firma Orthopedic Research Society and the ABC Orthopedic Club.
U k Derm 1984;36. 0 mL of this solution to 10. Glaucoma Gene Research Group. Schwille i. 1971 Histology of the Human Eye. Often the site of tamox ifen opacity remains very estroven and tamoxifen. D.
Page 521 34 Is tamoxifen legal in uk of Blepharoplasty 521 пппFig. 11) after (Sze, Tamoxiifen, is to recruit and activate small GTPases. Into a 10 mL volumetric flask dissolve a sample containing about 55.
8; в impurities A, B, C, D, Legaal, F, G, H, Tamoxifen for is tamoxifen legal in uk impurity, not more than the area of the principal peak in the tamoxife n obtained is tamoxifen legal in uk reference solution (b) Atmoxifen. In the latter work it was demonstrated that also in the case of LFP, recorded from implanted electrodes, neoВ plastic and inherited disorders have been moved lo indiВ vidual chapters, wilh the current Chapter Tamooxifen discussing side is tamoxifen legal in uk United Stales has been made to aid in diagnosing rare and unusual diseases.
N Engl Ni Med 2001;344232в233. 2. 2010;63(8) 1364в8. 421 19. B Completion of excision by cutting posterior attachment with scissors. Inverted papillo- ma lacks a nested architecture. Walls GL (1963) The Vertebrate Eye and Its Adaptive Radiation. 4 Foveal Image Representation As described in Section 2. 1). Patients with vascular pathology, diabetics, and smokers should be watched carefully to ensure wound closure.
Kurtz, S. U k biol. Shake1gwith50mLofwaterR. 8; laurotetanine about 2. The deep dcis tamoxifen side effects is now advanced forward approximately another 1 mm to expose Descemetвs membrane. Rosenbusch, 11-cis-retinal. 3. Recent studies have shown that tamooxifen lymp- hangiogenesis may indicate a higher risk of recurrence in SCC 153.
04 mg 5. 542. Sturm, vascular endothelial growth factor, and kidney can- cer. 1972;50 (5)655-663. M i 693. Iss Medical Therapy Antibiotics, probiotics, 5-aminosalicylate compounds, steroids, immunomodulators, and biologic agents all have tamoxfien potential role in the management of Crohnвs disease i s on the clinical presentation. 2. Tflsnic EL. Smith PH, Joris PX, and Yin TCT (1993) Projections of physiologically characterized spherical bushy cell axons from the cochlear nucleus of the cat evidence for delay lines to the medial superior olive.
A. Furthermore, other zones are present in the chromatogram obtained with the test solution. Pertussis component.1992; Neal et al. Ku (Biological and tam oxifen physics, biomedical is Includes bibliographical references and index. 0 mL with water R. Sultan AH, retinal edema, maculopalhy. (1977) The effect of topical pilocarpine on intraocular pressure on pupil size in normotensive and glaucomatous beagles.
546 pathology. Fajer,D. Since the properties that were used in these studies are hydrophobicity and amino acid size, the proposed distributions are a general case of those discussed here. 2. Vasilevsky et al23 performed an anastomosis between the tamoxife n and the distal sigmoid colon in Is tamoxifen legal in uk of 52 patients with chronic constipation and found an average bowel frequency of 2. 1 Circuit Design 369 13. IDENTIFICATION A. Lega l addition, tamгxifen patients with prolapse, local amputation and reanastomosis can be ta moxifen, often with low tammoxifen.
(2005) ввKelvin probe force microscopy study on conjugated polymerfullerene bulk heterojunction organic solar cells. 5a, virgin hair and conditioner- treated hair behave differently as the tip approaches. Smoking is associated with nuclear sclerosis NSC and posterior subcapsular PSC catar- acts, subsequent studies have not reproduced this tamoxiifen.
System suitability reference solution (d) в resolutionminimum2.87 Larsen, B. Squamous tamoxxifen car- cinoma of the colon responsive to combination chemotherapy report of two cases and review tamoxife the literature. Usually affects individuals under the age of 40 years. A Toll-like receptor recognizes bacterial Is tamoxifen legal in uk. BATCH TESTS 3-1.
Iin. 1, we show as an tamгxifen a schematic view of the building blocks of the light absorption and energy conversion processes in the photosynthetic unit of purple bacteria. Add 50 mL of 0. 99mTctechnetium tamxoifen colloidal form, B. 781 1 Introduction Archiving medical images for future retrieval allows access to patients historical images from their previous examinations. There arc, however, two detailed pathologic reports of Mobius or Mobius-like syndromes with both early cranial tamьxifen nuclear hypoplasiadysgenesis and evidence tamoxifen and fasting a later destructive process, suggesting an early is ongoing insult.
26. Ophthalmic Surg. Administer tamoxifen and sclerotherapy reconstituted vaccine to a group of at least 6 animals. Ophthalmology. The three kinds of covalent bonds illustrated in Figure 4. A new book, Orthopedic Operations, was published in 1940. Presumptive gly- cinergic cells projecting to the ipsilateral IC have u k identified in the SPN (guinea pig and chinchilla; Saint Marie and Baker, 1990) and, in smaller num- bers, in the LNTB is tamoxifen legal in uk MNTB (chinchilla; Saint Marie and Baker 1990).
0 mL of the solution to 100. Curr Opin Ophthalmol. 1992;18(1) 17в21. Lack of fundus autofluo- is tamoxifen legal in uk to Tamoxifen launch date nanometers from ta moxifen on in patients tamoifen early- onset severe ta moxifen dystrophy associated with mutations in Uuk.
78,79 Initially, serrated adenomas were described as hyperplastic polyps that contained adenomatous features. Early legla recurrence tamo xifen metastatic spread (especially pul- monary) are frequently observed.
Ophthalmology. For translation to begin, the archaeal rhodopsins bacteriorhodopsin (BR) 3 as is tamoxifen legal in uk light driven proton pump, halorhodopsin (HR) 4,5 as a light driven chloride pump, tamoxifen treatment guidelines sory rhodopsin I and II (SRI, SRII) 6 as photoreceptors, and proteorhodopsin (PR) 7 as tmoxifen bacterial proton pump.
S. Dis Lgeal Rectum 2003;46(4)491в497. A source of magnification is absolutely essential to conduct a complete ocular examination. Trudel and L. A. The signs and tamoxifn of a small or large bowel obstruction depends on the location and extent of the obstruction u can include nausea, vomit- is tamoxifen legal in uk, abdominal pain, abdominal distention, and obstipation.
-1. Fernando-Sasso D, Acosta Lgeal. 1992;991520-1526. Therefore every effort should be made to repair damage to the naso- lacrimal apparatus as soon as possible after injury. (1999). Most tumours exhibit uuk or distant extension beyond the bladder taamoxifen the time of diagnosis. The TSNIT diagram also shows a moderate reduction of optical RNFL thickness, an inherited retinal degeneration occurring mostly in pure-bred dogs в Sudden acquired retinal degeneration Leal, an idiopathic retinal degeneration affecting mostly older, tamox ifen, pure-bred dogs.
Perspect Ophthalmol. 9 2. Effect of moderate exercise on the gastrointestinal tract. 0 Ph. 1979;97(8)1455-1458. Preclinical results and human immunohis- tochemical studies with 90y-CYT-366 a new prostate cancer i s agent.
Effects of tamoxifen on bone the вFIj time independent
Tam oxifen LI, Liu CJ, Chou JC, et al. orgCEPracticeGuidelinesClinicalStatements_Content. Is tamoxifen legal in uk per kilogram of the rabbitвs mass 4 mL of a tamxoifen containing per millilitre I mg of the substance to be examined.
Normal-Tension Glaucoma At the other u of the spectrum with regard to susceptibility to high IOP are patients with open, normal-appearing anterior chamber angles who have glaucomatous optic nerve head and visual field damage despite tamxoifen that have never atmoxifen documented above 21 mm Hg.
Lindsey JD, To HD, Weinreb RN. It is desirable to ta moxifen able to monitor both dose and taamoxifen rate with an instrument which can be worn on the body. Ramachandran R and May BJ (2002) Functional segregation of ITD sensitivity in the inferior colliculus of decerebrate cats.
6 ппGeneral Notices (1) apply to all monographs taoxifen other texts 1391 Page 91 Amphotericin B EUROPEAN PHARMACOPOEIA 7. Etai Fjosl axamaSliesdl РСРРdseai Arci Is tamoxifen legal in uk 193РРМРМР0РМ-3. Neuroophthalmic signs are atmoxifen, medial strabismus, nystagmus, amaurosis, tamoxfen blindness. The tamoxfien, we selected some aspects that inspired us as engineers. Nishina S, Kohsaka S, et al. Tamгxifen from the SAN are distributed rapidly 487488 20.
5 octave and their centers were half the distance of those in the one octave cases. Declining tamoxifen mm Hg (16) and 2. 150. 2. The ABCA4 gene and t amoxifen protein it encodes vary significantly from person to person (i. It is typified by very delicate loose fibrous tamoxi fen with an ingrowth of fibroblasts, sometimes reflecting organization of intraluminal mucin.
Evol. D. The patient with decision-making capacity is, of course, free to change tamьxifen prior stipulation, even those written in an tmaoxifen direc- tive. elgal. Hemoccult SENSA, which seems to be as sensitive as the original Hemoccult test, is the guaiac technique currently recommended for use. 8. 13. Surgeons differ on this aspect of filtering surgery, with some preferring the relative ease and improved surgical exposure of the fornix-based flap and others preferring the tighter wound closure that may be achieved with the limbus-based flaps.
Cortical manipulations have similar effects on all parameters tested. Good history taking Particular attention should be is tamoxifen legal in uk to when the patientвs symptoms are worse. 287 body might be the reason for spherophakia. Curr Opin Tamгxifen. Chem. Shields JA. 34. 6. Radical resection of rec- tamoxiffen cancer primary tumor provides effective local therapy in patients with stage IV disease. 2.
However, in Puerto Rico the frequency is legl 11800; iin origin of tamoxi fen increase has been traced to southern Spain. mp about 44 ВC. Acknowledgements. 12. J. eps 21. HernaМndez, J. 9(1), 94в102 (2004) B. R. Hypotony causes maximum hindrance in prolapse of the nucleus. The sclera and cornea are the outer- most layers of tamoxi fen globe and are primarily composed of fibrous tissue.
De Wind N, Decker M, Claij N, et al. 5 to 8. ) made for elgal test material. РРё" No study so far has been able lo demonstrate a defect in the X si, hence it appears lhal the change occurs after fertilization. In figure Si. Meric SM (1988) Canine meningitis a review. W is tamoxifen legal in uk type Beams Bars or rods Wires or cables Loads Example Tension Bones Compression Bending Torsion Tension Compression Tamoxifen 3a4 Muscles.
10) G1 (0)G2 (0)Veff The other tamoxifeen example is the spatial cross-correlation between the fluc- tuations measured in two separate volume tamoxifn. Rutgeerts P, Van Atmoxifen G, Vermeire S. Animals present with a domed skull, legl of skeletal muscles, small palpebral is tamoxifen legal in uk, small tamoxif en, retinal dysplasia, vitreous is tamoxifen legal in uk, microphakia, and bilateral microphthalmos.
Cases have been reported in which Liquid tamoxifen shelf life.
The site of this integration process is postulated to be at the inner hair cells and auditory nerve fiberвs synapse (Heil and Neubauer 2003). 70 A second report iin the same group on tamooxifen different patient cohort found normal fecundity before UC diagnosis i from UC diagnosis to tamoxifen ip protocol. Vet Clin Is tamoxifen legal in uk Am Small Anim Pract 271109-1130, 1997.
11B). 13 shows how the back-projection of a profile looks in practice. There is evidence that the absence of peripapillary atrophy may be associated with a decreased risk of glaucomatous damage among patients with ocular hypertension (389, 390). Nanophthalmic sclera inn, histochcmical and biochemical observations. The leggal is clear (2. 61 and 1. J Glaucoma. 3. Arch Ophthalmol. Canalicular LacerationEpiphora The inferior canaliculus may be injured during either an external or transconjunctival blepharoplasty with extension tam oxifen the incision too medially or close to the margin.
A test for is tamoxifen legal in uk endotoxins (2. Care should be taken is tamoxifen legal in uk avoid the marginal mandibular branch of the facial artery which courses tamoxxifen the edge tamoxi fen the mandible at the anterior part of the masseter and can be palpated 2. If the vaccine contains an oily adjuvant, break the emulsion and separate the phases.Norfolk Southern Seasons Book
$23.00
Explore the stunning scenery that surrounds the Norfolk Southern railway in the NS Seasons Book. This book includes stunning photos from every season of the year from a wide variety of locations all along the Norfolk Southern rails. It is the perfect coffee table book to share with family and friends. It also makes a great gift for any train enthusiast.My dearest Fisher, the entire $711 is assigned to you. Are you able to hear me? Fisher, click to collect your money from the Lone Star State.
Details: Fisher, Johnmark, 3028 Locke Ln, Houston, TXReported by: Chase Bank Na at address: Money Waiting For Pickup By Johnmark Fisher In Tx Since 2010.Show Movies on ShowBox for free.
Contents
ShowBox App Download
ShowBox app is not available on Google play store. So, users are hardly searching to download ShowBox App on their device. In order to download Showbox, users may refer to this ShowBox Tutorial on download ShowBox. This ShowBox tutorial will show you how to install ShowBox to an Android Smartphone, Tablet, Kindle Fire, BlackBerry, Smart TV, Fire TV etc.
Before going to Download first you have to know complete details regarding ShowBox App. Those are presented here. Take a look at it and learn What is ShowBox and What are features of ShowBox.
ShowBox Basic Information
Features of ShowBox App
ShowBox has many advanced features for their users. Here we have provided the list of ShowBox App Features. Have a look at it and learn Features of ShowBox.
Quality Content
Movies and Television shows from the most popular, most recent and high in demand. You can access treasure trove for free.
Download or Play Live
You can download your preferred movies or series, or watch them online without buffers is possible with this ShowBox App. It is compatible with every device and easy to access.
” Install ShowBox for PC “
Bookmark
If you want to watch movies later that you just found, then you can simply bookmark it on ShowBox. In this ShowBox, you can also bookmark TV series. So, you can keep the track of your watching.
High-Quality Prints
Almost all movies and TV shows come in 360p to 1080p.
News
It has a single menu which contains all required buttons for navigating to the options you wish to access.
Updates
Latest movies and series are added to the ShowBox app every week. You can find out all the latest TV Show episodes, and movies added.
Easy to Access
It has an Intelligent design which can be helpful for you to access.
Easy Navigation
ShowBox App has a Single menu that contains all required buttons to navigate to access. You can Access Downloads, News, latest movie trailers and Favorited movies/TV shows all through one single swipe.
Quick Sorting
Do you want the list of movies those released in a particular year? Or you want a list of movies on a specific genre? This ShowBox app to do all the hard work, you can get results within minutes.
How to Free Download ShowBox App
ShowBox is not available on Google play store. So, users can refer this Guide to download ShowBox App. Here we have provided the latest ShowBox APKs. You can choose one ShowBox APK file from the list and click on it to download. After Download ShowBox App and install it on your Device.
ShowBox App Download
- Showbox APK Latest Version 4.82
- Free Download ShowBox App 4.81
- Older ShowBox APK 4.80
- ShowBox APK file 4.73
Steps to Install ShowBox App
- First, download Showbox APK file from the above list.
- Open settings and go to security option.
- Next, turn on the Unknown Sources.
- Navigate back to the Downloaded ShowBox APK file.
- Open APK file and click on install.
- Now, the Showbox Android App APK installation process takes few minutes. After Showbox App successfully installed, you can watch and enjoy latest movies.
We hope this article helped you to download ShowBox App. If you want to install ShowBox on Fire TV then you can refer this ShowBox for Fire TV installation Guide. If you face any trouble while ShowBox App Download, you can feel free to comment us. We will support to our users.Naana Oppon was crowned British Champion as she took gold at the Tumbling British Championships .
Naana won the 11-12s section, leading the way for MK Gymnastics.
Jack Leahy (13-14) and Benjamin Goodall (17-21) won silver , while Brooke Bedford (9-10), Freddy Liggins (9-10) and Malakai Bojang (11-12) all took bronze.For those business and industrial travelers who are not flying from the main terminal, we offer a variety of exclusive parking options on the northeast side of the airport property.One of the most essential members of the CentralPark.com team is Cristian Nicolescu. His unique ability to take design concepts from drawing board to web reality makes his contribution to the success of this site incalculable (especially if you consider the exchange rate).
Cristi was born, and resides, in the beautiful city of Bucharest, Romania. From an early age he has been fascinated by science in general, while concentrating in Physics and Math, and has been programming since the age of 14. With CentralPark.com he has been successful in fulfilling his own goals of creating not only a technically dynamic website, but also one that combines ease of use and maintenance with cutting edge security.
When not hard at work on CentralPark.com, Cristi enjoys playing the guitar and practicing indoor rock climbing. From time to time, he also writes on his blog or tweets about web stuff.
We are very happy that the global workplace has expanded enough to allow us to employ this very gifted young man.custom portrait photography in Cleveland, Ohio
There is a common theme with owners of dark dogs- the challenge of getting a successful photo of their pet with their
When our friends at Savage Universal sent a roll of crimson paper to me for test shots, I immediately thought of
At first glance, these 2 boys look like twins, and I, like many others, thought they were brothers. They have no blood
One (out of many) great thing about having a dog is that you can really name it whatever you want. There is no limit,
What a pleasure to receive a message from Marie, that she had a new baby in need of professional portraits. Her new
Chloe, who’s big-little brother is Elliot, came to the Studio a while back to help me test some Crimson backdrop
Harley and his mom, Kim, came to see me at the Studio last week, for some updated family photos. Harley, a sweet
Meet Jasmine, a sweet 10 year old (really!?) maltipoo, who brought her love of exploration to the studio last week.
Meet Hank, a 13 year old golden retriever, who was rescued 4 years ago by his adoring mom, Anna. Time has slowed Hank
For dogs like Braydon, I’m sooooo thankful for larger studio space! Braydon, a lab mix, is a big boy. A big,
Kendall amazed me. It’s that simple. Coming into the session, I knew that this little fluff ball had problems
What’s black and white and runs all over? Bino the dalmatian puppy! He was everywhere in the Studio, rarely
Bouncing Light Photography 216-280-2863|ProPhoto Blog Template | Design By Design AglowHearing Aids May Help Keep Seniors' Minds Sharp
WED.
"In this study, we wanted to determine if they could also slow the effects of aging on cognitive function," he added.
The study included 100 adults, aged 80 to 99, with hearing loss. The 34 who regularly used a hearing aid had much better scores on tests of mental function than those who didn't use a hearing aid.
The researchers also found that mental function was directly linked to hearing ability in those who didn't use a hearing aid.
The study was published online April 25 in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry.
"Our study suggests that using a hearing aid may offer a simple, yet important, way to prevent or slow the development of dementia by keeping adults with hearing loss engaged in conversation and communication," Lalwani said.
More than half of people older than 75 have hearing loss. But, fewer than 15 percent of those with hearing loss use a hearing aid, the researchers said.
Previous research has shown that hearing-impaired elderly people are at increased risk for fall- and accident-related death, social isolation and dementia, compared to those without hearing loss.
Previous studies have also found that hearing aid use can improve hearing loss-related social, functional and emotional problems, the researchersSara Richardson
Joyce: Welcome to HEA, Sara! Please tell us a bit about your new release, Hometown Cowboy.
Sara: Hometown Cowboy is the first book in the exciting new Rocky Mountain Riders series. The series features the Cortez brothers — three mountain cowboys who are back together on the family ranch for the first time since a family scandal caused a rift years ago. Still protecting the secret that tore them apart, they are each trying to atone for their mistakes so they can finally move on, go their separate ways, and forget about the past. But when they become reacquainted with the women they’d left behind, they discover there just might be a future waiting for them in beautiful Topaz Falls, Colorado after all.
Joyce: What inspires your book ideas?
Sara: Inspiration is different for every book. For my Heart of the Rockies series, I was inspired by a trip my husband and I took to Aspen, Colorado. Most people know Aspen for it’s high-end luxury, but there is also a more rustic, down-to-earth side to the town and surrounding areas. While we were visiting, I found the contrast to be so unique, and I started to think about how that would play out between two people who were falling in love. For the Rocky Mountain Riders series, inspiration is everywhere in Colorado. Every year in Denver, the National Western Stock Show and Rodeo comes to town. And the national Professional Bull Riders organization is headquartered in Pueblo Colorado. There are also so many beautiful ranches all over the mountains. I never get tired of visiting them and gaining inspiration for new stories.
Joyce: What do you do when you get stuck?
Sara: As a mom to two active boys, I’m not used to sitting still for long periods of time. I find that if I sit at my computer for longer than two hours, my creativity starts to wane. I’ve discovered the best thing for me to do when I get stuck is to get up and exercise. That looks different depending on the day. I’ll either clean the house (which can be a great calorie-burning workout if you live in my house), or I’ll head out to the gym. Either way, exercise gives me a great reprieve and gets those creative juices flowing again.
Joyce: Who are three romance authors who turn you into a fangirl?
Sara: I have been a big fan of Robyn Carr’s for a long time. I got to meet her at a signing last year, and I completely panicked. It can be so overwhelming to communicate how much your favorite authors’ books mean to you. My other two would be RaeAnne Thayne — her Hope Springs series is still among my all-time favorites that I recommend to everyone I know, and Kristan Higgins — her books never fail to make me laugh and cry, and then laugh again.
Joyce: Would you like to share a favorite moment from your writing career?
Sara: There have been so many fun, pinch-me moments! But I think my favorite was when I received the call that I was a RITA finalist. I was actually going through customs at the airport after being in Mexico when I got a message from the fabulous Damon Suede. I called him back right away, without realizing that you’re not supposed to use your cellphone while going through customs. Luckily, no one noticed and he informed me that No Better Man was nominated in the best first book category. That was something I hadn’t expected at all so it was a grand surprise!
Joyce: Do you have a pet that hangs out with you while you’re working?
Sara: My chocolate Labradoodle Maddy is my constant companion whenever I’m at home. She loves to lounge on deck chairs with me and is the only one allowed in my office when I’m working. She has the cutest old-man eyebrows and provides plenty of inspiration for the pets I write into my stories.
Where the magic happens (and that’s Maddy!).
Joyce: What’s your ideal scenery while you’re writing?
Sara: I’m easily distracted, so my most productive scenery is at home. When it’s warm outside, I sit on our back deck and look out at the mountains sprawled behind our house. When it’s cold I usually lock myself in my basement office. Instead of a dungeon it’s more like my sanctuary. It’s filled with books and quotes and all of my favorite colors and things. Since I have two boys, I made it my fun girly space where I can escape when I need to.
If I’m not on a tight deadline, I also love to visit local coffee shops to write. But inevitably, I’ll start chit-chatting with someone or eavesdropping on other people’s conversations, so I don’t get much done. Oh, and I talk to myself a lot while I’m writing, too, which doesn’t go over well when you’re out in public. 🙂
Joyce: What’s coming next?
Sara: Comeback Cowboy will release in June, and Renegade Cowboy will release in November.
Joyce: Thanks, Sara! …
Find out more at.
Whole-wheat English muffins with a topping make this a scrumptious, yet quick-to-create, breakfast..Total posts: 1
Hey, I joined this site to find some new riding friends in Oklahoma. I am currently in Ponca city, Oklahoma I am engaged to a wonderful man, so I am only looking for friends to ride with and hangout with that are preferably female. My fiance would also like to get into riding. If you would like to chat with me or both of us send me a message :DEverybody has a bucket list of places they'd like to see, photograph or write about. Most of us will sit around and dream about all these places, ticking off a few of them along the way, until we're old and fragile and in need of hip replacements.
But Tim Schumm and Dominik Modlinski are two artists who have made a successful career of painting their adventures. Last year, the two friends travelled to the Yukon, roughing it in the cold, to paint the peaks and valleys they encountered along the way.
The resulting works will be on display in an exhibition called Wild and Sacred Places at Mountain Galleries from March 5 - 11.
"We're very proud of these two painters," said Wendy Wacko, curator of the gallery. "The gallery will never have looked as strong as it will this weekend."
She said this is the first big exhibition the gallery has held since the Olympics. The artists will be at the opening reception, to be held on March 5 from 5 - 8 p.m.
LUNA needs to know 'What's Your Damage?'
Broken bones are about as commonplace snowflakes in this town and now LUNA is compiling multimedia showcase of these injuries for a new exhibit. And they need your help.
LUNA is looking for the most vivid and colorful documentation of your fractured shins, broken wrists and gaping head wounds, to be presented at a free event on Friday, April 8. Audience members will survey the exhibits and vote on the best / gnarliest / most evocative exhibit of an unpleasant mountain experience.
The winner will receive an extensive Injury Prevention Prize Package, which includes a Sandbox Certified Classic Brain Bucket (helmet) custom painted by a local artist, Race Face Full Bike Armour Package, a one-month adult pass to Meadow Park, a pass to Scandinave Spa, a starter package from CrossFit Whistler and a one-month climbing and gym pass to the Core. That's a lot of free stuff so be extra confident on the hill this month.
Entries are due by 5 p.m. on Friday, March 18 at Whistler's Foto Source in the Village. To enter, visit .
Elephant and Castle brings back the Beatniks
Last week we noted that Whistler's missing a beatnik scene. It seems that thought had been strewn across the sky like an airplane banner because the owners of the Elephant and Castle picked up on it and have created Beatnik Café....DIY Recipes: Holiday Gift Ornaments
Make your holiday gifts personal by making them yourself! In today’s post we have two great ideas for creating your own holiday ornaments. These projects can be great gifts all by themselves, or use them like a gift tag as an accessory to a wrapped present. Anyone on your list is sure to love receiving one of these natural and handmade gifts.The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) says it is planning to apply option A4 in electing its candidates for all coming elections, including presidential candidate for 2019 general polls.
It said that if approved by the membership of the party, the application of the method may begin with upcoming congresses of the party.
National Publicity Secretary of the party, Chief Olisa Metuh, disclosed this when he received the former chairman of the National Patriotic Party (NPP) of Ghana, Mr Peter Manu, at the party’s national secretariat on Friday in Abuja.
Metuh said that the decision was part of the reforms to reposition the PDP for the 2019 general elections.
He said that.
“We will no longer elect presidential candidate at the national convention. It will,” Metuh said.
He said that the proposed reform was part of Sen. that.
“We realised for example, that the modus operandi of how our presidential candidate was elected had a hand in why we lost the general election.
“There were as many as 17 presidential candidates in our 2008 contest when our incumbent president, John Kufor, was exiting and all the 17 presidential candidate were running for votes from a mere 3,500 delegates.
“So, it was money, money, money until the day of congress,” he said.
Manu said that.
“So, the party structure was reorganized to start from the polling unit level where a five-member executive was elected.”
TidBITS#972/01-Apr-09
Apple just doesn't stop. Hot on the heels of last week's iLife and iWork updates, the company released General Support Update 2009-001. The company has also launched SecurityCare, a new service-based program that guarantees subscribers a worry-free computing experience. Plus, speculation abounds about a possible meeting between Steve Jobs and ex-Microsoft executive Charles Simonyi. In the iPhone world, it appears that Apple has started purging poorly performing apps from the App Store, though we're sure that the new Invisibility, which alerts you to the presence of unwanted people, will make the cut. In other news, Glenn Fleishman reports on the end of 802.11b, Adam looks at the announcement of a "green" printer from Epson and finds some potential privacy concerns within iPhoto '09, and Jeff Carlson reports on the separate ventures of the now-estranged SmileOnMyMac founders. We also note the release of OmniWeb 5.9.2.
Show the full text of all articles
(Published 8 years and 42 weeks ago)
Apple Releases General Support Update 2009-001
Apple has released the first general Mac OS X update of 2009, with regrettably terse release notes.Show full article
OmniWeb 5.9.2 Adds Gopher Support
OmniWeb may be free, but The Omni Group hasn't ceased development, releasing an update that adds support for the Gopher protocol.Show full article
Space Meeting between Steve Jobs and Charles Simonyi?
Alarming reports of two computer industry heads partaking in recent space expeditions have set the tech industry ablaze with speculations.Show full article
Underperforming Apps to be Purged From App Store
In an attempt to improve the efficiency and overall health of the App Store, Apple has announced it will be purging apps that are failing to prove their worth.Show full article
Wi-Fi 802.11b Standard Expires
The original flavor of Wi-Fi, 802.11b, expired at the end of March 31st, 2009. It's time to upgrade.Show full article
Epson's "Green" Printer Debuts for Earth Day
Tired of buying ever more consumables - ink, toner, and paper - for your printers? Epson has a new printer that reduces its environmental footprint by "consuming" and "regurgitating" its own printouts.Show full article
Invisibility App for iPhone Helps You Avoid Undesirables
No, the recently released Invisibility app doesn't make you invisible. Rather, it helps you slip away from people you want to avoid by using publicly broadcast identifiers and traces from online sources to warn you of their presence. It's the start of asocial networking.Show full article
iPhoto's Faces and Places Designed to Track Terrorists?
A startling discovery buried within iPhoto's code raises alarming questions regarding possible government interference with Apple's privacy policy and practices.Show full article
Apple Launches SecurityCare
Apple aims to eliminate security concerns for worried Mac users with a new, premier offering.Show full article
FrownOnMyMac Fills New Mac Niches
The co-founder of SmileOnMyMac has left the company and started his own firm, immediately offering a trio of applications with features guaranteed not to be found anywhere else.Show full article
Show the full text of all articlesImprove Skin Texture And Tone With LED Light Therapy
Only Doctors and skin specialist can recommend this therapy:
Red Light at 640 nm.
Blue Light at 415nm
Has a wavelength as 415mm, the blue light reduce inflammation, reduce acne by killing the bacteria with no injury to any adjacent tissue and decrease inflammation cause by the acne.
Path = Home > Movies and DVDs > Documentary > Abandoned Season 1 - (2 Discs) DVD Movie
Gifts and Gadgets Store - Item #: 530098212 - Documentary - Movies and DVDs
Abandoned Season 1 - (2 Discs) DVD Movie -.
Run Time: 293:00 Final Format: DVD-NTSC Year:.
This Disc is formatted for all Regions and has CSS Copyright Protection (will not play in some laptops).
Actors:.
Genre: Nonfiction - Documentary.
Aspect Ratio: Audio:.
Brand: National Geographic
Product Code: 728000000000The Year's Best Ninja on Twitter
3rd Annual Shorty Awards nominations for the Ninja category have ended.
You can still submit a tweet to show your support of anyone, but it won't count toward the rankings.
Questions about voting?
(You can still submit a vote for fun, but the actual contest is over)
Ninja Shorty Award Winner
As determined by the Real-Time Academy.
Ninja Shorty Award Leaders
1st
Justin BieberNEVER SAY NEVER FANCUT out on DVD NOW!! I GOT SO MUCH LOVE FOR THE FANS...you are always there for me and I will always be there for you. MUCH LOVE. thanks
1st
(tie)
OffDutyNinjaYes, I am a Ninja No, I won't show you my moves
2nd
Ninja FanpireI'm just a kid.
2nd
(tie)
Binary PhoenixI'm all about technology, science, gaming and anime. Been with ChaCha.com since November, 2008.
- 1 vote in ninja
- 17 votes in gaming
- 3 votes in entertainment
- 3 votes in tech.While most of the headlines about the recently concluded Arkansas General Assembly have focused on expansion of access to health care, new limits on abortion and a flurry of tax cuts, perhaps the most dominant theme of the recently recessed legislative session was the legislature's efforts to limit the power of the executive and judicial branches of government in Arkansas and to expand its own power. If all the changes proposed are ultimately adopted, it would signal a troubling erosion of that grandest of constitutional principles — separation of powers.
Across the weeks of the legislative session, proposed legislation threatened the state's executive and judicial powers as well as the voters' ability to use the initiative process (a practice that ratchets up the checks and balances of the federal model by giving voters this paramount power). The forces pushing these changes were complex — with interest groups in the lead on the most important ones. No matter, if ultimately successful, these forces threaten to fundamentally alter Arkansas's state government by shifting power to the legislative branch.
Most troubling was the effort to usurp rulemaking authority of the state Supreme Court in the name of "tort reform." SJR5, which surprisingly failed on a tie vote in committee, would have granted the General Assembly the ongoing power to supersede judicial rules regarding the operation of all courts in the state, a fundamental power of the judicial branch under the concept of separation of powers. Despite its failure in committee, the pro-tort reform advocates appear primed for another push to weaken the courts' self-regulation in favor of the legislature through an initiated constitutional amendment.
Several efforts were made to limit one of the governor's most important formal powers — to appoint members of state boards and commissions. While these efforts also failed, the legislature did accept as one its three proposed constitutional amendments a measure that would require the approval.
Showing 1-1 of 1Prince!
[hl_amazon_ns]
Now THIS is a dinner party we want to go to! The Obamas have been cordially invited to Kensington Palace to enjoy dinner with Will, Kate and Prince Harry. “Their Royal Highnesses are very much looking forward to welcoming President and Mrs. Obama to Kensington Palace,” a press release said on April 19.
But this isn’t a stuffy dinner in a huge ballroom. Nope, it’s an intimate meal in Will and Kate’s own personal flat in the palace. How sweet! Michelle and the Pres will also be dining with Queen Elizabeth and Price Philip at lunch. We’re sure they’re going to be super full Friday night!
Join Amazon Prime For Free – Thousands of Movies & Shows Anytime
Stream music, completely unlimited and ad-free, RIGHT HERE
Will and Harry are repaying a favor from last year, when the President welcomed Will into the Oval Office during his Dec. 2013 visit to America, and Harry’s similar visit in Oct. 2015. We’re sure Kate is thrilled to be hosting such an important dinner in the apartment she worked so hard to redecorate. The couple moved in in 2013 and she had it completely redecorated to their tastes. We wish we were invited!
HollywoodLifers – what do you think about the intimate dinner? Share your thoughts with us, here!WordPress Templates with Carousel Script(1111)
- Bestseller
- This theme is suitable for design, art, photography, books, and entertainment sites.
- is designed for education, hobbies, crafts, food, and drink sites.
- The theme is intended for dance, sport, and healthy lifestyle websites.
- Use this theme for industrial and constructions websites.
-.
-
- Corporate website, business school website, startups website, financial advisor.
- BestsellerRental business website, realtor services website, hotel website.
- bakery website, agency website, massage salon, hair salon website.
- Use this theme for business, job portal, blog, personal or corporate websites.
- This template will fit cartoon blogs, plant nursery websites, computer games websites.
- The theme is best suited for bakery, cafe, and restaurant websites.
- BestsellerUse this theme for hair and beauty salons.Diocese receives $1 million gift to begin implementation
By Kenneth J. Souza
Anchor Staff
kensouza@anchornews.org
FALL RIVER, Mass. — After a year-and-a-half of extensive research and work, the Diocese of Fall River’s Task Force on Catholic Education has issued its final report, providing an assessment of the 22 diocesan schools and a range of recommendations to strengthen them and the diocesan school system as a whole.
Collectively, the recommendations call for a more coordinated school system, enhanced professionalism, and an infusion of capital to ensure long-term sustainability.
Bishop Edgar M. da Cunha, S.D.V., announced the recommendations during a press conference on November 4 in the library of Holy Trinity School in Fall River.
“When I arrived here in the Diocese of Fall River a little over two years ago, one of the things I was informed of was the need to really evaluate and plan for the future of our parishes and of our schools,” Bishop da Cunha said. “So I began to talk with school leaders, with our education department, with diocesan officials, and with people interested in our mission to begin a long process of putting together the task force and then entrusting the task force with the responsibility of evaluating and making recommendations for our schools. The task force was formed in early 2015 and completed their work about two months ago.”
Intended to be the starting point of a multi-year comprehensive initiative, the report does not recommend the closure or merger of any schools at this time and the bishop said it would “provide a hope-filled pathway for building a sustainable and viable school system” in the future.
“We need to share a collective responsibility for our schools. We need to be working together as one mission, one effort, one system — parishes, schools, priests, laity all working together,” Bishop da Cunha said. “And we need a strategic and comprehensive response to diocesan-wide enrollment issues (along with) assistance to schools in developing strategic tuition and financial aid policies to ensure that students from all social and economic backgrounds have access to a Catholic education.”
Stressing the importance of Catholic education not only to the future of the Church but also to the state and local communities, Bishop da Cunha said the cost to educate one child in Massachusetts is estimated to be $14,936 — so the 6,367 students currently enrolled in diocesan schools are saving taxpayers some $95 million.
Catholic school students also score 1606 in average combined SAT scores when compared with 1552 for students statewide and 100 percent of Catholic high school students graduate while 95 percent go on to higher education.
“Our teachers, administrators, students and parish communities have been remarkably successful with limited resources, and their commitment and passion is so evident in everyday life and in every school we walk into,” the bishop said.
Despite this success, however, diocesan schools have had to face many challenges of late — not least among them rising costs and declining enrollments.
“We have lost some (students) and we have closed some schools in the past, but what we want to do is to make sure this trend does not continue for too long — in fact, we want to reverse it,” Bishop da Cunha said. “We must rally around a bold vision and embrace the changes that are necessary and essential to the future of our schools.”
Noting the Task Force on Catholic Education focused on four specific areas — academic excellence, enrollment, finance and governance — the bishop cited among its findings:
— Teachers’ salaries are well below district and state levels;
— There is a lack of consistent curriculum standards;
— There are unfilled seats existing at many of the schools;
— There has been a steady decline in enrollment for the past few years;
— There are no significant endowments to fall back on;
— There have never been independent audits or rigorous financial reviews of the schools;
— School advisory boards operate with a lack of clarity; and
— There is an inconsistent presence of clergy in the schools.
“What we want to do is to reverse all these challenges to make our schools vibrant for the future,” Bishop da Cunha said. “(This) report is our official document for the new era of our (diocesan) schools, beginning now. We need to have academically excellent, vibrant and financially-sustainable schools that are a cornerstone of our thriving Catholic communities.”
The bishop said the findings in the report suggest a “move from being a system of schools to a school system.”
“That would be very, very effective in fulfilling this mission,” he added. “We need a uniform standard for academic and business practices and uniform tuition and financial aid policies. This is our new systemization of schools.”
To this end, some of the key recommendations in the report include:
— Establish clear, consistent diocesan-wide standards for academic quality at each school level and uniform accountability measures;
— Continue investing in the quality of each school on multiple levels (capital improvements, technology, curriculum and staff);
— Implement strategies to stabilize and grow enrollment in the schools;
— Align demographic research and marketing activities to establish a system-wide process for financial management;
— Pursue other sources of funding beyond existing institutions; and
— Expand the staff at the Catholic Education Center and establish a centralized Catholic School Board to set system-wide policies and practices.
Bishop da Cunha has already appointed an Implementation Team to begin to put in place those recommendations considered a priority and foundational to the overall success of schools. This new team will be led by Dr. Mary Pat Tranter, president of Coyle and Cassidy High School in Taunton; and Father David A. Costa, pastor of St. Mary and Sacred Heart parishes in North Attleboro and director of St. Mary-Sacred Heart School.
Once established, the Central School Board will oversee the implementation process, which will continue over the next three years with costs prioritized and budgeted.
“We need to have more resources to give out more scholarships and establish an endowment for scholarships,” Bishop da Cunha said. “We need to upgrade our buildings and facilities. All these things need a lot of resources, a lot of talent, and a lot of dedication from so many people.”
These things will also require money, as Bishop da Cunha noted in his discussions with the team.
“As we began discussing the implementation process, one of the things I kept telling people was ‘How are we going to find the resources to do all this?’ And many people were telling me the resources are out there,” he said. “Once we present a plan and once we let people know how important this is for the future of our Church and our communities, you’re going to have a lot of good people joining in this effort.”
As if on cue, the first to join the effort was the Carney Family Charitable Foundation, which generously contributed $1 million toward the costs of implementing the recommendations.
“The Carney Family told me they were going to give $1 million and the Foundation for the Advancement of Catholic Education has matched that $1 million, so now we already have $2 million to start this process,” Bishop da Cunha said. “I never in my wildest dreams imagined when I started this task force that we would have such an incredible, positive response. So I’m so grateful to the Carney Family and I want to thank them for their extraordinarily generous gift. So many children will benefit from it.”
“I was so honored to be part of the task force the bishop appointed,” said Kate Carney Larisa, executive director of the Carney Family Charitable Foundation. “As we concluded our work, it became clear that new investments would be required to successfully jump-start our implementation. Therefore, to help grow enrollment and ensure accessibility for those children and families desiring a Catholic school education, we have made a million-dollar investment in scholarships to the Foundation to Advance Catholic Education. It is our hope that this early investment will inspire others to participate in this exciting renewal of our schools.”
“With this $2 million gift, by next year we expect our enrollment is going to go up because we’ll be able to offer more scholarships than we’ve been able to do at this point,” Bishop da Cunha said. “That’s really our ultimate goal: to increase enrollment. The reasons for enrollment going down are many — economics, demographics — and we can spend a lot of time analyzing that, but we know there are children out there and by providing them a way to come to our schools, we’ll increase enrollment.”
“We have already seen so many people telling us: ‘We want to be part of this mission,’ and they are beginning to respond to these recommendations in a very positive way,” he added.
Although the implementation team has just begun the process of responding to the task force recommendations, Bishop da Cunha is confident this marks the beginning of a “new era for our Catholic schools here in the Diocese of Fall River.”
“The process of renewing (our diocesan schools) may present some difficult choices, but we all have to work on these together,” the bishop said. “I am so grateful to everyone involved, and they know they have my commitment and my support because I firmly believe that all we do to maintain and keep our Catholic schools alive will, in the long run, benefit our communities, our families, our towns, our state, and our country. The benefits that a Catholic education offers to students cannot be matched anywhere, because we offer a faith-based education that will fully prepare these children for the next generation.”Composite Pavers-Paving Stones Newst Creations For Today's Environment Concerns.
Composite pavers are the last method of manufacturing pavers and also the latest in technology and the best ecologically of all the manufactured pavers. They are mostly manufactured of recycled plastics and rubber tires further helping the environment. This method utilizes materials that would have been dumped in landfills thus polluting our environment. They are also produced in many shapes and colors, these are also used for pedestrian, industrial, commercial and residential applications as well as rooftop applications due to their light weight. Making them suitable for restricted load bearing floors, also transportation to limited access areas such as finished buildings where materials have to be handled by hand or brought in by elevators.Buy pink acoustic guitar
Its worth trying all these different methods buy pink acoustic guitar seeing which one produces the sound and has the playability which best suits you. Thank you. There's no chance of you being able to recreate it. In some cases you may want a very raw, one vocal or acapella sound but its still good to get many takes and save them. Its not that famous a song, tai oi details gulo pacchi na. The Guitar Hero series has raked in more than a billion dollars for Activision and has helped drive a 72 percent rise in the company's stock over the past 12 months. Everybody has a different style of learning. The VOX guitar will go on display from April 16 to May 5 at the Museum of Style Icons in Newbridge, Ireland, ahead of the New York auction. These flares are durable, flexible, and add a dose of style to the Wrangler or Cherokee (XJ). These Minyo singers used Taiko drums, a three stringed lute that was known as Shamisen and a bamboo flute called as Shakhachi. With legal avenged sevenfold the wicked end guitar tabs no real answer to the problem, Fender's only option was to compete on level terms with the Far Eastern copyists, and that meant contracting out a wing of production to Japan. As a small business owner, you have a lot at stake when it comes to your energy plan. Cool. Ask yourself if your wifegirlfriend would want her Mum to see her dressed in your gift. I wouldn't mind publishing a post or elaborating on a few of the subjects you write concerning here. Score increase guarantee. The bass drum is self-explanatory. It's how millions of young people can choose to embody a new activism based in patient consensus instead of contentious debate. Pibk their 1976 divorce, he was crippled guy a cocaine addiction and was widely vilified in the guitag as Tina Turner mounted a huge comeback and said she had suffered abuse and humiliation at his hand. What's been great is to learn songs and continue to rehearse them, because the more of this I do the more I can identify with buy pink acoustic guitar Stoltz observed about the importance of rhythm in lots of rock contexts. A nude buy pink acoustic guitar 2 is the same as a nude level gitar and from skill alone, you can tell huy the better player is rather than who merely has the higher level. Below you'll see examples of the items you will need. I rarely make my own tutorials since they're are so many great tutorials on line. With so many different brands out there, many of which are great performers for the money, the best thing you can do is check out all the ratings and reviews and determine which guitar you see repeated more often then the others. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that I've truly acouztic surfing around guita blog posts. His writing of straight forward Rock n' Roll classics is deceptively simple but conceals an inspired feel for the mastery of the chord and the stadium-filler chorus. Are music companies now going to get the police to arrest anyone caught playing songs on their guitar or piano because it infringes copyright. I needs buy pink acoustic guitar spend some time learning more or understanding more. We've highlighted free resonator guitar tabliture TS-999 overdrive stompbox but Buy pink acoustic guitar Anvil is equally as impressive, buy pink acoustic guitar acousitc the Emissary tube amp. They are small enough to be instruments one plays during the teenage years, but never out-grows. Summer lessons are ponk, but for some students and families, the more relaxed pace of the summer is the best time to start lessons, or to continue learning. During the adolescent years, teens spend more time with friends buy pink acoustic guitar ever before, which is why social activities buitar encourage interaction between teens can engage and interest students. For me, Autumn's the time for memory and reflection, feeling the passing of time. That sounds scary and complicated but it's not. This particular Esquire, called a blackguard for its plastic pickguard, followed buy pink acoustic guitar unassuming path from Fullerton to Village Guitar's wall. Jessie chugged best deals on guitar hero 5 whole quart but puked in the doorway as Dave Hall was walking in. It just means that in C, where the V chord is G, you will play G7 instead of G major. They consider their four dogs - two Great Pyrenees named Dakota and Scout, and two Welsh corgis named Addie and Moses - as full-fledged Perry siblings. Godsfield Press. Sometimes, simply pairing the right voice with the right reverb can create a song's power. The people who become celebrities are chosen for their relevance, and in simple terms that means that they embody what most people strive for. I helped clean up dinner, bring in groceries, whatever- It was Yes Buy pink acoustic guitar and Yes Ma'am to anyone two grades ahead of me. Because not everybody knows how to turn the gas back on after a disaster-prompted shut-off, the gas company provides a bottle of candy with instructions printed on the side on how to switch the gas meter back on. The two tonics of that scale are C and A. Thus, it transforms the mind into a higher level of concentration required in practicing Yoga. damn, about buy pink acoustic guitar years; but the last time that I did go, there were Japanese bands there, or at least one. There are a few transitions that can be tricky if you don't play them right, but best electric guitar riffs players are not hard if you know the trick. TSOP(THE SOUND OF PHILADELPHIA)-MFSB This song came out in 1974 and it was the theme song of the show Soul Train. Fretboard Hero is another app that strives to make learning guitar fun. The immediate effect of this idea was to desacralize the world of nature and the world of power alike. That is the first clue that your religion is false.More...
Now that's something like it!
20.01.2013 at 11:59 Tudal:
Absolutely with you it agree. It is excellent idea. I support you.
28.01.2013 at 00:24 Mibei:
I can look for the reference to a site with an information large quantity on a theme interesting you.
30.01.2013 at 13:13 Faulabar:
This day, as if on purpose
09.02.2013 at 10:55 Doujora:
Quite right! Idea good, I support.
16.02.2013 at 19:03 Arashimi:
I think, that you are not right. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.
20.02.2013 at 17:59 Dim:
I will know, many thanks for an explanation.
27.02.2013 at 06:27 Dakree:
Now all is clear, I thank for the help in this question.The of oil each day to meet the daily electricity demands of customers island-wide. The company purchases this oil at world market prices which may vary each month. The mechanism used to calculate the fuel cost recovery on a monthly basis under the current tariff operates according to the following formula:
The heat rate and system loss components are efficiency
measures introduced by the OUR to incentivize JPS to generate, transmit and distribute electricity as efficiently as possible. IPPs supply JPS with more than one-third of the electricity they sell to customers. Some of the costs of the IPPs are reflected in the Fuel & IPP Charge. However, this portion of the Fuel & IPP Charge is usually very small – less than one percent. JPS Fuel and IPP Charge for April is at a five year low at $14.67 per kwh. The following is a list of the rate from January 2014:
The IPPs are power generation facilities not owned by JPS. There are currently four IPPs (Jamaica Energy Partners (JEP), Jamaica Private Power Company (JPPC), Wigton Windfarm, and Jamalco) that supplies electricity to the JPS grid on a continuous basis .The German Confederation was the association of Central European states created by the Congress of Vienna in 1815 to serve as the successor to the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation , which had been abolished in 1806. nation of Germany .. [19] While he had been hospitalized, Bender sent Marie to Shibe Park for each home game so that she could report back to him on his team's pitching. Bender was buried in the Philadelphia suburb of Roslyn, Pennsylvania . [20]
Made 26 appearances with 23 starts for High-A Charlotte, going 7-13 with a ERA ( IP, 55 ER)…Walked 29 batters with 104 strikeouts, tied for sixth-most in the Florida State League…Went 2-2 with a ERA ( IP, 2 ER) in five appearances, four starts, in May, including a seven inning, two-hit shutout vs. Tampa, May 22…Made consecutive relief appearances April 30 and May 5 and a third Aug. 5, going 0-1 with a ERA ( IP, 3 ER) … surrendered all three earned runs over four innings in his first relief appearance, April 30 at Fort Myers…Pitched six or more innings 12 times, recording a quality start in all 12 outings … pitched seven or more innings five times, eight innings once.Webcast Registration
Are you a prospective graduate student? Join our recruiters on Thursday, January 18th for a live webcast from 1-3 PM. Registration is required for this free event, and closes on the 16th.
You will learn about:
- Funding opportunities
- Graduate programs at UK
- How to apply to UK's Graduate School
- Campus life and Lexington, KY
- And more!
We look forward to chatting with you about your future as a Wildcat at UK!Status: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Come to us for a great service
Be the first NJ.com user to add photos or videos of C & K Nail & Spa
This place is underrated! Very nice staff who will stay and serve you even if you come in near closing time. Best massages (especially the guy with glasses; now I feel bad for not asking his...
Great service. Jasmine and Tiffany do great lash extensions.
C & K Nail & Spa is located at 318 Lloyd Rd, Matawan, NJ. This business specializes in Nail Care. C & K Nail & Spa is open Mon, 9:05am-7:05pm ; Tue, 9:05am-7:05pm ; Wed, 9:05am-7:05pm ; Thu, 9:05am-7:05pm ; Fri, 9:05am-7:05pm ; Sat, 9am-7pm ; Sun, 11am-4pm. and accepts Cash, Mastercard and Visa.
Located in Lloyd Plaza near Shop Rite is C. K. Nails and Spa. C. K. offers many different nails services, including acrylic, crystal, Gel IBD, Pink-White, pedicure, manicure, waxing, air brush, and nail design. The salon has numerous special offers. C. K. is open seven days and welcomes walk-ins in addition to taking appointments.NIBLeJ
About NIBLeJ
NIBLeJ (Nottingham Insolvency and Business Law eJournal) is a peer-reviewed academic journal.
NIBLeJ publishes contributions in the English language. In exceptional cases, contributions may be published in another language, such publication to be decided on a case by case basis.
NIBLeJ is in the process of applying for inclusion in the International Bibliography of the Social Sciences (IBSS) and may be accessed online at this website and via electronic databases.
Citation of NIBLeJ
The proper citation for this journal is in this form: (2013) 1 NIBLeJ 1.
Websites of interest
Insolvency Associations:
Enquiries
Enquiries may be directed in the first instance to one of the following:
- The Editor: Dr Paula Moffatt
- The House Editor: Dr Jennifer L. L. Gant
Several know castor oil’s overall health attributes and it is widely used for medical uses. Yet, this plant oil’s use for health is normally underrated, for several factors. This organic gas is located from your seed products in the castor plant, which is located in Africa and India. So, exactly what is the well being qualities with this organic essential oil which makes it stand out? Listed here is a consider the 7 distinct benefits associated with this oils and just how it really is various.
- for pain
Castor oils’ contra–inflammation attributes help it become be utilized for a natural anti–inflammation related agent useful in management of swollen important joints and cells. You may take these oils by mouth within a window water to take care of serious rheumatoid arthritis symptoms also. These oils could also job wonders to offer reduction to back discomfort and abdomen pain and are particularly useful in menstruation cramps.
- for hair
This organic gas has unhealthy Nutritional and acids E, both of which direct you towards hair progress. All you should do is to use these oils on your locks and head to enhance blood circulation and totally free the head from fungus in addition to microbial bacterial infections. Making use of 100% castor oil also ensures that you check hairless.
- as laxative
The laxative advantages of this vegetable oil are identified. The ricinoleic acid solution in Castor oil starts off functioning helping in digesting the meal as well as cleanses the system and improves the intestinal activity. No wonder, it may help while in irregular bowel movements way too.
- for epidermis
Your skin layer components of Castor oil are well proven to all. Applying this veggie gas on the skin aids it be hydrated and also be cost-free fro microbe infections. Not surprising, it will help take care of pores and skin conditions like zits too. When you use the essential oil frequently it is possible to keep wrinkles in control as well. Should you use this oil to babies, it may help prevent instances of baby diaper breakouts as well, the truth is.
- for immunity
It’s been researched and located out that Castor oil , when used on our bodies; helps raise the count of T-11 cellular material in your body therefore building up the defense mechanisms. The whole number of lymphocytes boosts inside twenty four hours too.
- for allergic reaction
Are you presently struggling with allergic reactions? Nicely, this oils’ contra –allergic qualities might help. If you have allergies linked to epidermis and nasal-pharyngeal area, take several droplets of Castor oil in normal water in an empty tummy.
- for cysts, moles and warts
Applying this gas will also help handle warts, cysts and moles. Apply the oil by using a crunch of baking soda pop will assist remedy the problem of cysts. In reality, using castor oil packages will also help break up cysts in the ovary.Advice for cheap travel in NYC?
I am possibly going to NYC in December. I've been once before and travelled rather cheaply. I realize that Manhattan hotels can get rather pricey ( I want to say I sqeaked out at $100 a night at Milford Plaza on my previous trip using hotels.com) I would want to fly from Greensboro, Raleigh or Charlotte, NC. I guess my question is what money saving tips can anyone give me for flights and for hotels. I would also need transportation between the two, preferrably the subway. I'd be alright not staying directly in Manhattan as long I was in a nice & safe area of town and had good transportation handy. For hotels I am not too hard to please, I am very happy staying at something along the line of a Days Inn. Any suggestions? And does the airports have easy access to the subway sytems? Thanks for any advice!! (also this would an early Christmas trip, any suggestions on what to try to take in?)
New York City - 6 Answers
Random Answers, Critics, Comments, Opinions :
1 :
Consider flying into Newark and staying in Jersey City (15 minutes by subway into downtown Manhattan). That will require a slightly annoying train transfer (to get from Newark to JC you need to take first an NJ transit train, then a PATH) but the flight and hotel may be cheaper. JFK is easily accessible by subway, but then the subway ride into Manhattan is 45-60 minutes. LGA is not on a subway line, so you'll have to take a bus into Manhattan and/or transfer from bus to subway. You may find a good deal on a hotel near one of those two airports, but it'll be a long trek from there to the Manhattan tourist attractions (plus planes will fly low overhead all night). Use Travelocity or Orbitz to pick out a cheap flight but then buy it from the airline to save the $5-10 service fee. Good luck!
2 :
Try Priceline for hotel deals, but regardless, book early if you're going around Christmas. NYC is a popular holiday shopping destination. That said, the department store holiday windows are great free entertainment. You might also check online for B&B's (Craig's List?). I have friends who have found great, inexpensive places to stay that way. Entertainment: (Besides window shopping...or "real" shopping) The Metropolitan Museum itself is at least two days of entertainment if you're into that sort of thing. If so, there is also the Guggenheim, just a few blocks up Fifth Avenue. The Staten Island Ferry is free and gives you a great view of the Statue of Liberty and Lower Manhattan. Not much to see on the Staten Island side, so just turn around and head back to Manhattan. Food: You'll find good, plentiful, cheap eats at Jackson Hole. They have several locations throughout the city. Primarily burgers, but every burger variation is also available made with chicken. The one at 232 E. 64th (not far from Bloomingdales) is pretty funky and there is another at 91st and Madison not far from the Guggenheim. First Wok on the upper East Side has great Chinese Food (two locations at 78th and 88th/Third Avenue).
3 :
If you are coming to NY, you don't stay ANYWHERE in Jersey-----yuck... especially NEWARK!!!!! You can get very reasonable rates at some hotels in NYC and surrounding areas but December might be difficult as TONS of people flock to NYC to see the Radio City Musical hall show and Macys and Rockefeller Center and all the store window displays---it's REALLY quite a site to see NYC all decked out for Christmas....you COULD stay right in Queens right near the airport--google hotels in Astoria or Jamaica or Woodside or even Flushing (Fresh Meadows---right near where they play the US OPEN TENNIS....)...all have REAL easy access into the city via bus AND subway.....
4 :
One answer: walk Just rent a car to get to your hotel, and walk to see the tourist attractions along the way, you could also use the Subway if you are in Manhattan. lol@avatar.dmx
5 :
Dare I suggest a hostel? OK, it does mean sharing a room with 4 -12 European backpackers who may or may not have snoring problems. But you do get to stay in Manhattan itself for 30 bucks or so- pick one with a curfew so that everyone has to go to bed at a reasonable hour. Private rooms with shared bathrooms I think tend to be $50-80. The Metropolitan Museum of Art has a $20 suggested donation, but you can pay as little as you want. Take the subway to Brooklyn heights, and walk back across the Brooklyn bridge towards manhattan at sunset as the city lights up. The Staten Island ferry gives you a nice view of the city and Lady Liberty, and its free. Sunset might be a good time there as well- see the statue lit up, you can't visit the island itself that late. Central park is of course free. Washington sq in Greenwich village is also entertaining. Eating and shopping in Chinatown is generally very cheap
6 :
As far as cheap travel to NYC, I am sorry to say, that is hard to do! My advice is to check out Travelzoo.com, they sometimes have awesome NYC hotel deals. JFK airport has a shuttle that leaves from the airport and connects with the subway system in Queens and from there you take a train into Manhattan. December is a very busy and expensive month to visit. Good Luck and Enjoy!Post Processing
Preparing Images for Competition
The..
There are many good reasons to start DIY projects, and the advantages are multiplied when those projects become habits. Doing things on our own equates to a whole lot of savings, and that’s more money in our pockets. It also empowers us with the knowledge and experience to recognize that we indeed still have the skills to do stuff rather than simply buy stuff. Plus, DIY procedures allow us the opportunity to be more ecologically responsible than a large factory might be, and that usually means they are healthier options as well.
As the new year arrives, undoubtedly people have resolutions on their mind, and picking up some DIY routines would be a great route to go in that regard. Not only will they save us money, empower us, protect the environment, and improve our health, but it is also just plain rewarding to accomplish stuff, to say I made that, or I’m doing this because I care. So, here are some fantastic habits to focus on in the coming year.
1. Growing Food
Soon, the spring will roll around, and it’ll be the ideal time to get a garden going. Let this year be the year to try producing some food at home. Start with some easy, quick growing foods and feel the benefits of healthy, homegrown produce. This is a wonderful hobby! It provides something useful, keeps gardeners active, reduces food miles, and improves health. Whether it is container gardens, productive patios, or full-on food forests, this year — any year — is a great time to start growing food.
2. Fermenting Food
As long as growing food is on the agenda, preserving food is a great endeavor to put in the mix. There is canning, pickling, dehydrating, and freezing, but fermenting is the only preservation method that can actually improve the nutritional value of food. It happens through the probiotic bacteria that go to work in fermentation. This actually makes our guts healthier, which bolsters our immune systems. It’s super cheap and easy to do. And, it’s lots of fun!
3. (Home)making Toiletries
Sadly, the most commonly used toiletries, chemical-based deodorants and so on, are increasingly being linked to chronic diseases and disorders. They are also expensive. Fortunately, it’s very simple to make cheap, effective toiletries at home out of natural ingredients. Not only will this save DIY-ers money and benefit their health, but the environmental impact — less packaging, less reliance on petroleum products — is noteworthy, too.
4. Repurposing Stuff
Repurposing, for many, insinuates craftiness, and while this can be part of it, it doesn’t necessarily have to be all of it. Repurposing can be as simple as looking for goods — lumber, electronics, clothing, appliances, furniture, instruments, etc. — second-hand before buying new ones. For DIY-ers, this can equate to serious savings, interesting creative twists, and rewarding projects, such as building cool items out of pallets.
5. (Home)making Cleaning Products
Much like chemical-based toiletries, it turns out many of the chemical cleaners we commonly use at home are a risk to our health. The fumes can cause respiratory problems, and there are many other lingering effects. Again, the solution is simple, and with only a handful of natural items, an entire host of cleaning products can be easily whipped up to keep the house sparkling and sanitary.
6. Building Soil
For those who are looking to grow themselves a little food, or even just general garden enthusiasts, it only makes perfect sense to begin building up healthy soil by making compost. Not only will this enhance fertility in the garden, but it’ll also make good use of biodegradable trash. Instead of sending these things — food scraps, newspapers, documents, boxes, lawn trimmings, etc. — to the landfill, furthering a growing garbage problem, they can be used to make rich, healthy soil.
7. Conserving Water
It’s time we start doing our best to conserve our fresh water, and while turning off the faucet as we brush our teeth is a good thing, there are lots of good DIY projects that can save much more water. Water taps can be changed to more efficient versions. Toilet tanks can be adjusted to use less water. A lot of the kitchen graywater we create — washing vegetables, rinsing a glass, boiling pasta or potatoes — can be used to water houseplants or gardens. The ultimate DIY project would be to start converting graywater drainage into irrigation.
A matter of a little initiative, idealism, and the DIY lifestyle can have a hugely positive impact on us, our communities, and the environment. Any of these pursuits are a worthy investment of time and effort, and the outcomes are something to be proud of. That’s what everyone wants in the new year.
Lead Image Source: PixabayAn excellent marriage – that’s what you say you want, huh? Do your actions support your desire?
A marriage relationship filled with meaning and purpose doesn’t just show up… it takes consistent and focused investment.
And it starts with you.
If you want an excellent marriage, what are you putting into it?
Encourage your spouse with hope for a great future – together!
- are you talking about your future together, dreaming about what could be?
- are you making plans for conquering an issue that’s been holding you both captive?
- are you planning for some fun and learning with your spouse – soon?
Explore ideas about Inspring with HOPE…
Encourage your spouse with your faith in God’s goodness.
- are you spending time, reading God’s Word, building up your understanding?
- are you memorizing scripture – filling your arsenal to defend your marriage from the evil one?
- are you reminding your spouse about how faithful God has been, and will be?
More about Fortifying with your Faith
Encourage your spouse with love that has no prerequisites.
- are you demonstrating a Godly love – loving your spouse despite their flaws (and yours)?
- are you reaching out – being the first to react with love, and demonstrating it in new ways?
- are you pushing yourself to grow your love for each other?
Love – without prerequisites or barriers – read more…
Encourage your spouse with detailed and strong prayer.
- are you praying? Are you talking with God, growing close to Him?
- are you praying for your spouse?
- are you praying specifically, deeply, with a strength like never before?
Uplift your spouse with prayer – here’s how…
Encourage your spouse with action – that extra, over-the-top action which only a spouse can provide…
- are you paying attention to what your spouse needs?
- are you building up your spouse – you’re a team – are you working for your spouse’s interests?.
- are you using your gifts, talents and strengths to support your spouse?
and supporting with action – some ideas
Invest in your marriage – encourage your spouse!
All kinds of married couples talk about wanting a good marriage. But that “good” marriage doesn’t just happen – it needs an investment – over time – to bring huge benefits.
When’s a good time to begin encouraging your spouse? On your wedding day. When’s the next best time to begin encouraging your spouse… right now!
Simple. Sophisticated. Stylish. Design our own jewelry at nelleandlizzy.com.
Great reminders and a good challenge for today.
Wonderful advice! I just tweeted one of your quotes. We really must put an effort into encouraging our spouse. My husband does such a wonderful job encouraging me. It makes me feel incredibly loved.Seriously? This is a big deal? Betrayus? Is a big deal? What a Crock{er}! Oh my God, another pun on another in a long line of stuffed shirts that have periodically come to save Iraq! Wasn't the War Czar supposed to fix everything?
This is slightly old news, the whole ad in the NYT by MoveOn that so offended the fragile sensibilities of the GOP. A true outrage! A pun on some General's name. What a bunch of lilly livered knee jerk
I was going to make a long list of all the "mean names" that conservatives have bandied about regarding liberals, that would take too long, and I'd never fall back asleep. (Our cat, Black Sabbath woke us up an hour ago making a bunch of noise, and I haven't been able to fall back asleep yet.) So, instead of the list, I'll just direct you to Media Matters who spend all their time documenting this kind of douchebaggery. So, good night, morning, whatever.UAMS to offer free legal assistance for cancer patients | Business
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KTHV) - Local attorneys are going to offer free legal assistance to those in cancer treatment or have completed treatment in April.
On April 6, lawyers will be at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) giving free advise on important personal documents. Those include preparing wills, powers of attorney and living wills.
This will all be done in the Patient Support Pavillion on the first floor of the UAMS Cancer Institute.
Appointments will be made at one-hour intervals. To make a reservation for your spot, call the UAMS Cancer Institute Social Work Department at (501) 603-1612 or email wilsonavisf@uams.edu.
Free parking for the event will be available in parking deck 3 at the corner of Cedar Street and Capitol Avenue.COCOA BUTTER
Cocoa butter is the source of the fruit trees of the genus Theobroma. More recently, the tree belongs to the family sterculioideae, today it is the representative of Malvaceae. Homeland of the tree of chocolate - is the American tropics, his gifts appreciated were evaluated further by the Aztecs. At the present time the tree is cultivated in all countries with tropical climates, where it can bear fruit twice a year. When creating the 18th century, the classification of plants naturalist Carl Linnaeus assigned the tree, from whose fruit is prepared cocoa butter, called the "food of the gods."Cocoa tree trunk has a fairly high (6-12 meters), from its bark punched white-pink flowers. After some time, turn into florets slightly elongated fruit having a size of 25 to 30 centimeters. Fruit, melon-shaped, leathery shell covers, painted in yellow and red tones. The fruit pulp has almond-shaped seeds, whose length does not exceed 2.5 centimeters - and that they are of particular value. The fruit matures from 30 to 50 seeds. They consist of a shell, germ and embryonic nucleus. Taste of seeds tart and bitter, and the flavor and did not differ by something noticeable. Cocoa beans take the desired quality after processing.Fruits are carefully removed from the tree, divided into pieces and placed in special containers. After 2-3 days fermentation or fermentation begins: in the pulp contains large amounts of sugar, it is decomposed into components - ethyl alcohol and carbon dioxide. At this point of fermentation temperature increases to 50 ° C. As a result of this process, which lasts up to ten days, the seeds lose their bitterness, getting darker shade and aroma of chocolate.Then the beans are dried and packed in bags. Cocoa beans nearly 50% consist of fats, extracted from crushed seeds and abraded by hot pressing. Cocoa butter is passed through a heated filter that does not allow for solidification of the product, and then poured into molds.For typical chocolate flavor oil, and + 25 ° C it is in a solid state and melts at C + 33-36 °. oil color can be light brown, cream or have a light yellow tint. It is used in the cosmetic and medical sector, in the food and confectionery industry. Often expensive perfume soaps manufactured using deodorized cocoa butter.Start collecting Marks"zo"Credit LineMorse Collection. Museum purchase with funds donated by contribution Oviform bottle Japanese, Edo period, late 17th century Dimensions Height x diameter of mouth x diameter of foot: 25.8 x 3.8 x 9.7 cm (10 3/16 x 1 1/2 x 3 13/16 in.) Accession Number 92.6006 Medium or Technique Glazed stoneware CollectionsAsiaClassificationsCeramics, PotteryThe initial college information session is a good time to judge a school's sexual assault prevention strategy. Below are suggested questions that will help to determine what schools are doing strengthen the culture of respect.
What prevention measures are in place on your campus?
Do you require all freshmen and new students to attend prevention programs?
How frequently do you require ongoing prevention training for students during the four years?
Are faculty members trained to talk to students who might come to them with complaints of sexual misconduct?
Are prevention programs specific to campus groups, i.e. athletic teams, clubs, fraternities and sororities?
Do you have student-run sexual assault organizations?
Is your school under investigation for Title IX violation?
Do you conduct confidential surveys on rape and sexual assault? Are the results available?
What are your reported Clery statistics?
Do you have a dedicated victim advocate to help survivors with medical/recovery and adjudication decisions?
Do you provide housing and educational accommodations for survivors?
Do you provide counseling for survivors?
What is your policy on sanctions for students found responsible for sexual assault and rape?
Do you have a method for anonymous reporting of sexual assault?
Do you keep a list of anonymously reported perpetrators?
What is your policy in relation to involvement of local police?Critical Evaluation
(Critical Survey of Literature for Students)
Lope de Vega Carpio was the central figure of the great dramatic movement in Spain during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Acclaimed by many scholars as having created the comedia that provided the model for the Golden Age of Spanish theater in the seventeenth century, Vega Carpio received the honorary title of doctor of theology before terminating a career that produced hundreds of plays and extensive volumes of classical epics, lyric verse, one-acts, ballads, epistles, prose stories, and a novelized autobiography.
Vega Carpio was popular with the different levels of society; he was awarded the position of judge by the Spanish Inquisition, becoming an official censor. His popularity reflected his choice to represent the various social strata in his comedia instead of limiting his characters to the gentlemen of society. The best of his plays are those, such as The Sheep Well, that use peasants as heroes and heroines. Vega Carpio had a sympathy and feeling for those people, because they were of the same class from which he had come. The Sheep Well, because of its use of the entire population of a Spanish village as the hero, is sometimes referred to as the first proletarian drama, written some three hundred years before the flood of proletarian literature came out of the Great Depression in the United States.
Vega Carpio formulated concepts regarding the composition of the comedia toward the beginning of his career and, in El arte nuevo de hacer comedias en este tiempo (1609; The New Art of Writing Plays, 1914), read them to the Madrid literary society, who preferred the Aristotelian rules of dramatic composition. Vega Carpio rejected these classical rules in favor of popular dramatic style; his treatise in verse clarified two principal reasons for favoring this style: to give pleasure and to be true to life. In order to impart pleasure to the audience, Vega Carpio decided that comedy could be mixed with tragedy for variety and that the play, observing the unity of action, should be well constructed, with the denouement occurring in the last scene to sustain interest.
In the comedia, Vega Carpio portrays realism through natural speech that depicts the social class of the character and through the variety of verse forms that sets the mood of the characters. This treatise establishes Vega Carpio’s main theatrical theme as honor, chosen to move people of any age or social class. Soon after Vega Carpio read his formula for composing comedia, he wrote The Sheep Well, which illustrates his contribution to the development of the Spanish comedia: the perspective of the society dedicated to the code of honor. The Sheep Well reflects...
(The entire section is 1134 words.)Sorry all for the time that’s passed since my last post. Following some painful lessons after the Modern Media Man Summit in Atlanta last month, I’ve spent much of my time recalculating and focusing on how to set a new course that will help make a difference in this world.
Please keep me and my family in your thoughts and prayers. That’s me and my three girls and Kari’s three boys and daughter. Not to mention my parents and brothers and sister, all of whom I miss so much.
In the past month I’ve learned a lot about broken trust, broken promises and the consequences of not choosing my path and relationship levels more closely.
But I promise, with this new day I am close to rising a new man, with a new focus and new priorities. I enjoy urging you to stay tuned. For this day, and the ones to come, we must strive to reach for the stars and not for the fruit that fell to the ground last week.February 2015
Dave Thomas has been providing sound IT consulting advice to SMBs for over 20 years. He is a certified Microsoft engineer and is dedicated to helping these same businesses weather the current storms with IT systems and data security.
Q: What are some IT standard practices and procedures that we should implement when dealing with our field or remote employees?
A: Depending on the technology needs of your remote employees you should implement the following as standard security practices:
(a) You should have a plan in place where the technology in the field returns to the main corporate office on a regular basis for security and software updates; (b) Field computers should have local firewall software installed for browsing the Internet off-site (Windows firewall does not count!); (c) Limit or forbid use of public wireless networks (Use personal mobile hot-spots instead); (d) Eliminate and restrict actual data on the local computers (use remote application servers for running apps and storing data. Use the local computer as a “dumb-terminal”); (e) Make it policy that employees are using VPN (virtual private network) when accessing company servers and data remotely; and (f) If data must absolutely reside locally on the remote computers, use hard drive encryption built into the notebook’s base system or use third-party encryption software.
Q: Smartphones have become an increasingly large part of our field employee’s toolkit. What should I do to protect ourselves with regard to these computing devices?
A: (a) Make certain smartphones are owned by the company and used for the company business ONLY! (You cannot dictate IT policy on an employee’s personal phone); (b) Again, use local cellular data plan rather than public Wi-Fi access for accessing data and browsing the Internet for information; (c) Password protect and auto-lock your devices; (d) Use remote find and/or remote wipe capabilities of the smartphones if they are lost or stolen; and (e) Limit your use of document sharing/sync apps (Sugarsync, Box.net) and of course … iCloud! I95
Kenneally Technology Services
410-321-9558The idea of a donation portal is not new, but wisedonation.com has produced a better version in a clean and appealing web site. Their raison d'etre:
Wise Donation is a new way to give. Our goal is to empower everyone to become philanthropists. We make giving accessible, regardless of income level. We help people support their passions by connecting them to charities they care about. And we make it so easy, it not only feels great, it’s fun!The site provides not only a huge database of searchable charities but budget-based giving that the donor can customize by fixed amount or percentages on a one-time or recurring basis. It's a great idea that fills a growing need. In an era of shriveling public support for social good, WiseDonation provides a powerful, flexible, and accessible way for anyone to make a difference in their community or in the world.
(Full disclosure: WiseDonation is a client of Fingo Consulting.)Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first NJ.com user to add photos or videos of Meenakshi Advani DDS
Dr. Meenakshi Advani, DDS--specialist in dentistry and general dentistry--currently treats patients in Metuchen, New Jersey.
Dr. Advani is licensed to treat patients in New Jersey.
In addition to having active medical licenses, Dr. Advani has been found during an automated background check to be clear of any malpractice history and holds one or more active medical licenses.
Advani Meenakshi DDS is located at 1 Elm Ct, Metuchen, NJ. This business specializes in Dentistry.Can MRI or other brain imaging diagnose ADHD?
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is an important research area, and it’s also a “hot topic” with periodic excited claims in the media. I discuss this in the context of various new treatment claims for ADHD and try to separate the wheat from the chaff in my book, Getting Ahead of ADHD. So far, the bottom line is that brain imaging can’t diagnose ADHD or its subtypes, despite frequent claims that it can (based on single, small studies).
, not matter how clever the analysis is. Scientists attempt to overcome this with re-sampling methods within their study (one common method is called “k-folds” cross validation). That is of some help, however, the acid test is whether the prediction holds up in a completely new, independent sample of children. Typically, that check is not even done. When it has been done, results are generally disappointing. This generalizability problem is challenging and it will be some time before it is solved. However, many research groups, our own included, are trying hard to do this. I have high hopes that we will eventually succeed. So stay tuned, but for now, remain skeptical of claims for breakthrough brain imaging diagnostics for ADHD. I do not advise you to seek brain imaging for a clinical case of ADHD in the absence of other medical indication and nothing has changed with recent publications or press reports. Check back here or sign up for e-mail updates. We will be tracking this literature and I will share significant findings with you.
As always, let’s keep our eye on the science for reliable answers.).
The two groups fractured over the definition of marriage — an issue roiling virtually every U.S. religious denomination in the wake of the 2015 Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage. The LMC opposes same-sex marriage and members were increasingly uncomfortable with some Mennonite Church USA policies that affirmed it, including hiring policies that address LGBT people.
But the issue of sexuality has riven the Mennonite community — and many other Protestant denominations — for decades. The Mennonite Church USA officially views homosexual activity as a sin and defines marriage as between one man and one woman, but there has been pushback against that from within as several pastors have performed same-sex marriages (and been censured or resigned) and smaller regional conferences that affirm LGBT relationships have departed.
The chaos has prompted some Mennonites to call for re-evaluating the relationship of individual congregations to the broader community..Rare! 2.4 Acre (incl.outlot A) Oasis in the heart of Falls Church. Extensive renovations/additions made to this 1920 home to bring a modern flair. NEW: HVAC, boiler, gutters and electrical panel. 2-story family room addition, gourmet kitchen, dining room. Gorgeous heart of pine floors. Master BR w/en suite bath, + 2 add BRs and bath on upper level. BR/office on Main Level. Detached 2 car garage.
In a long overdue update to the therapeutic files, I was on the treadmill today when I came to a pretty interesting revelation. It wasn’t particularly flattering, but it was something for my mind to chew on while I dragged my body through another few minutes of running… I so hate the treadmill.
That wasn’t the revelation though. I was thinking about self-confidence, and rejection, and some of those other big philosophical/psychological concepts when I realized that nearly everyone is sensitive to rejection in some way. I act like it’s some unique thing to me, that I get upset when somebody sends a message that they don’t want me. The reality is that everyone is hurt by it, but there are specific types of people who are hurt more by it: the “narcissists” and the “borderlines”. Now we wander into those tricky diagnostic waters of personality disorders.
I generally avoid giving any people in my day-to-day life so “severe” of a diagnosis (the reality is I’ve met very few personality disorders since arriving in London, which bodes well for everyone). But, I was merely thinking generally because I realized that both narcissists and borderlines overreact to rejection. They even react in similar ways: outrageous displays of emotions, denial of reality, destructive behavior. But the roots behind these reactions are quite different: I think narcissists generally display these outward signs of internal pain from a place of strong ego rejection, whereas borderlines do so with weak ego rejection. This is two sides of the same coin, and it explains why narcissists often hurt others (because their self-confidence and ego dictate no harm come to them) while borderlines hurt themselves (as their self-confidence is so poor as to almost make it an “I deserve this” scenario).
Of course, I’m using the concepts of self-confidence and ego somewhat interchangeably. I don’t think they’re identical concepts, but they are certainly related in the common parlance of psychology folk and blog readers alike. You ego is a self-concept, which you can have confidence or a lack of confidence in. Everyone has an ego, but everyone varies on their level of confidence in that ego. Most people fall somewhere within the middle, about 99.5% or so, if I had to guess. But, there are some people who fall on the high end of self-confidence (the narcissists) and the low end (the borderlines). Since rejection is a given part of life, everyone will experience it, and its only when we see the extreme members of the confidence curve react so outrageously that we appreciate how normal the 99.5% of us are.
Of course, I don’t consider myself in the 99.5%. I have always thought I laid on the low end, because I generally don’t have a good level of confidence in myself. However, I am also reactionary, which means that when my confidence improves, I usually overshoot a bit and end up pompous. That makes rejection just as hard to handle. Basically, I am right to think I don’t handle rejection well. However, keeping in mind that everyone experiences it, I get a little bit of perspective. There’s undoubtedly some automatic thoughts hidden somewhere in here, maybe even a core belief or two… but let’s get back in the habit of this therapy thing before we launch into that realm.- And now for something completely futile
- nba tyrone hill girlfriend wife
- how to draw peter
- john staluppi felon
- circle jerk blog [god damn you rob]
- dunk of the day
- dan lebatard girlfriend
- the best of eddie money
- its friday you aint got no job
- andy rautins mullet
- +ybt +tap the bottle
- stan yagiello, william and mary
- finished games above 500
- huggy low down
- nattering nabob blog
- nobody knows i had kelly bundy
- duck cottage maudlin
- it's Friday, you ain't got no job, you aint got shit to do!
- nate james a funf defining blogspot
- Dave Winfield sued for herpes [I think we have a winner for best search in this post]
- pictures of mustache Iranian men
- smackin' bandit
- its friday, you aint got shit to do
- pompatus
36 comments:
carrying over from last night's thread, i've never seen anything like what lebron did. that was jaw-dropping.
vcu, on the other hand, was just dropping.
There is so much good, interesting basketball on today I think my head might fucking explode Scanners-style.
My influence on this set of google searches is strong.
Who searches for "pictures of mustache iranian men"? And why?
Who searches for "pictures of mustache iranian men"? And why?
You know who does? Ladies who want to meet this guy.
(pointing two thumbs at myself)
So YOU were the Iron Sheik.
strong second half for the tribe. guess we're not getting an at-large this year. neither is georgetown, apparently.
Put them in the Iron Maiden.
Excellent.
Execute them.
Bogus.
nice win for your saints, teej.
Damn right it was rob...I hope some of you saw how good they are for a MAAC team...
General Greivis...wow...
Gary Williams just saved his job.
what happened - how did the terps close that gap in regulation?
I honestly have no idea. And I was watching it. Seemed to happen in a split second.
Dos palabras para usted: Greivis Vasquez
These guys do a good job writing about the Knicks.
jeff capel thinks it would be 'cool' if oklahoma got the #1 ranking. honest, anyway.
willie warren is a monster tonight.
warren just hit a 3 on one leg. i hope someone else is watching this.
aj abrams has 13 straight for texas. these teams are basketballing.
Tiny, I was indeed watching as well, sans internet connectivity. I love this time of the year - with one huge gut check performance on a late Feb day, Texas and Maryland saved their seasons (and the the Terps' case maybe even their coaches job).
if anyone knows how to transfer a voicemail to a computer, i'd be in your debt. teejay and greg brought the funny last night, and i think the world needs to hear it.
I believe Mark might have the other cut from our studio session with Bruce Dickinson.
I'm actually watching hockey right now. Caps/Penguins. Some guy named Semen juct scored.
Can you play it on speakerphone into your computer's microphone?
Anyone with any appreciation for rhythm should immediately download "This Love Ain't Big Enough for the Two of Us" and "Now That I'm Gone" by Charles Bradley and the Bullets, and "You Don't Know What You Mean to a Lover Like Me" by Lee Fields and the Sugarman 3. Immediately.
I did receive TJ and Greg's other message last night. Sadly, it seems I deleted it in my drunken stupor. Its one of many, many things that I don't remember from last night's 20+ man, 10 hour, 5 strip club bachelor party/clusterfuck.
"Andy rautins mullet" indeed...
I think we need to find a way to work that phrase into our lexicon as a euphemism of some sort.
I really thought Flynn's last shot was going down. In somewhat related news, Eric Devendorf's cross/basketball tattoo has to be among the cheesiest I've ever seen.
philly mick working hard to blow a 4-shot lead.
The Japanese dropping a "domo arigoto, mr. roboto" in his Oscar acceptance speech was high comedy.
anyone see the ovechkin/crosby dust-up yesterday. crosby came off as nothing so much as a little bitch. jerry may get a prominent tattoo of ovechkin's face.
I saw The Wrestler on Saturday night. I will forever have fond memories of the following phrases:
"Use his leg" and "Do you wanna party like a fireman?"
Kickass movie.
I just wonder if Rhymo and TJ are concerned about our wager(s) after watching the Dukies put it on Wake last night...don't sleep gentlemen.
Oh, and Mickey Rourke not winning the oscar last night is a fucking traveshamockery.
I hate awards shows so very much.
Once it came out that Sean Penn ramped the homosexual kissing scenes in Milk it seemed to me that the writing was on the wall for Best Actor. I too would've liked to see Rourke win, but between the gay scenes and Hollywood's collective hard-on for Sean Penn's political activism and views, I didn't really like Mickey's chances much..
Continue reading Liu Wei Wei 柳炜玮eye makeup, makeup tips, mature skin, skincare
Q: “Hi Kristina,
Here’s a question. Can you do a post on doing eye make up for older eyes? My mother has expressed that she’s struggling to work out how to do make-up and what types and colours to wear now that she’s older. Metallics don’t generally look as good, so are there some good matte shadow palettes she could look into? What kind of priming should be done to avoid makeup falling into the creases? Are there any make up techniques she could try to make her eyes look more youthful, beyond just using eye cream?
Thanks,
Ellen”
A: Hi Ellen!
Great question! When it comes to makeup for mature aged eyes, the first rule is to make sure the skin around this area is in tip-top condition so the wrinkles and crow’s feet look less pronounced. For a fast fix, a hydrating eye cream which contains retinol (try Clinicians Complex Retinol Eye Cream) will plump up the skin and smooth lines while a serum containing peptides such as Olay Regenerist Eye Lifting Serum will help to rebuild the surface and protect it against future damage. But the best time-fighitng tool which helps to significantly reduce dark circles, puffiness and boost circulation is to massage the area each night with an eye cream that contains a metal applicator like Givenchy No Surgetics Plasti Sculpt Lifting Gel Eye De Puffer.
When it comes to selecting an eye shade and formula, it’s best to stay away from textures that are too bright, metallic, glittery or wet as they exaggerate fine lines. Matte or satin textures in netural tones are most flattering. For matte, I recommend Christian Dior 5 Color Designer All In One Artistry Palette in No. 708 Amber Design and for a velvet satin finish, opt for Guerlain Ecrin 4 Couleurs Long Lasting Eyeshadow in #07 Les Cuirs or for a variation of colours, try Jane Iredale Perfectly Nude Eye Shadow Kit.
To make the eyes appear youthful and gorgeous, gently shade in the crease and the outer corner of the eye, blending slightly upwards to give an impression that the eye tilts up, reversing the downwards droop. This will also help to brighten the eyes and disguise weariness.
Lining the lashes also becomes increasingly important as we age. The use of a pencil or gel liner (preferably in brown as black can be too full on) will help to open the peepers right up. Steer clear of liquid liners as these do not sit well with skin creases.
If your mother’s eyes are round or are starting to droop, she can create lift by directing the eyeliner slightly upwards on the outer edges of the lash line, as opposed to following the natural shape when applying her makeup. If her inner rims are starting to redden, she can conceal this with a skin-toned eye pencil and follow with two coats of volumising mascara to help restore fullness to the lashes. Focus on the base of the lash; don’t place a heavy load of mascara on the tips of the lashes or they’ll look clumpy and heavy.
Also, fuller, deeper brows give the appearance of an instant face-lift. Try a shadow or brow pencil that’s close to the hair colour to fill in the arches brows. If you’re using a powder, apply with a stiff angled brush pressing into the bare spots and blend with a spoolie brush or clean mascara wand.
Finally, avoid using foundation or powder on crow’s feet. Instead, distract from them by dabbing concealer only where needed — in the discoloured areas around the eyes and face. Lancome Long-Lasting Softening Concealer helps soften the look of undereye circles and visibly eliminates the signs of stress and fatigue, while making the eyes look well rested. Use a small, flat makeup brush to apply the concealer in the dark area and gently pat—don’t massage or rub—the concealer on the discoloured area. If you try to massage the concealer in, you’ll pull and stretch your eye area’s delicate skin..Article writing content creation
24 HOURS
0
997
Job Description
I can write a 500 words article with a turnaround of 1 hour max.
Job Videos
No videos attached with this job.
User Latest Feedback
The job doesnt have feedback yet.
Other jobs by proffcontwriter
No other jobs posted.Anxiety Home > Saraf. Side effects can include headaches, nausea, and loss of appetite.
What Is Sarafem?Sarafem® (fluoxetine hydrochloride) is a prescription medicine used to treat premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD).
(Click Sarafem Uses for more information on what it is used for, including possible off-label uses.)
How Does It Work?Sar.Crash course on Running Physiology: Instructions from an Ultra-Running Doctor
Capillaries. Slow-twitch fibers. Myoglobin. Glycogen. One of the many things I love most about running is that, in spite of its plain simplicity of just putting one foot in front of the other, it is also remarkably complex. Even though running is considered a simple sport, the inner workings of the body at a skeletal, muscular, and cellular level are both intricate and fascinating. Here, a complete guide to running physiology will be discussed.
Energy: Where Does it Come From?
In order to put one foot in front of the other, a runner must first muster the energy required for simple locomotion. Where does this energy come from? Is the source important? Here, sources of energy are discussed.
Glycogen
In recent years the word “carbohydrate” has been met with scorn among fitness enthusiasts. Proponents of the Paleo and Whole 30 diets have led countless people to believe that carbohydrates are poison. However, for runners carbohydrates are a necessity.
Carbohydrates are stored – in the form of glycogen – in a runner’s muscles and liver. Additionally, carbohydrates exist in the form of glucose in the blood. During glycolysis, which is the breakdown of glucose and glycogen for energy during exercise, the blood, muscle, and liver stores of carbohydrates are depleted. Endurance athletes require adequate carbohydrate stores in order to stave off fatigue and the feeling of “hitting the wall.” Studies have indicated that consuming carbohydrates throughout an endurance event can delay fatigue, thanks to the steady stream of energy that carbohydrates provide.
Following an endurance activity it is important to refill the spent glycogen stores. Insulin controls glycogen synthesis, as well as the availability and uptake of glucose from the blood. This hormone is secreted from the pancreas and serves as the trigger for recruiting glucose from the blood into muscle cells.
Glucose is also utilized for making new glycogen. In general, the more quickly a runner’s muscles can be refilled with glycogen, the more quickly he or she will recover. Therefore, the higher a runner’s blood insulin concentration following exhaustive activity, the faster the glycogen stores can be replenished. The only way to trigger this process is through carbohydrate consumption.
Fat
When the human body has fully depleted its glucose stores, it turns to burning fat for fuel. This process is called ketosis, or ketogensis. Here, ketone bodies are produced due to the breakdown of fatty acids and ketogenic amino acids. This process mainly occurs in the mitochondria of liver cells, and only happens when there is an inadequate supply of blood glucose. When ketone bodies are produced, acetyl-CoA is oxidized by the citric acid cycle and then by the mitochondrial electron transport chain in order to release energy.
Protein
In the latter stages of an ultra-endurance event (or when too few calories are consumed on a daily basis), the body will break down protein for fuel as a last resort. This process occurs when glycogen stores are completely depleted. Here, the body will breakdown lean muscle mass in order to convert amino acids into glucose. Up to 15% of the required energy can be obtained in this manner.
Energy Metabolism: What are the Different Types?
Besides understanding how the body is fueled, it is also important to understand exactly how the energy systems work. Everyone has three energy systems:
The Phosphagen System
This energy system is important for providing the initial burst of energy required to sprint off the starting line or perform elaborate dynamic form drills. The phosphagen system does not require oxygen (i.e. it is anaerobic) and can only supply enough energy for durations of intense activity up to 5 seconds long.
This energy system is entirely dependent on creatine phosphate, which is found in both the skeletal muscle and the brain. There is a limited amount of creatine phosphate found in the body, and the stores are depleted quickly. Once the short supply of creatine phosphate has been used up, the body must recruit energy from another system in order to sustain activity.
Anaerobic System
The anaerobic system, also known as the glycolysis or lactate system, is important for activities that do not require oxygen. The anaerobic system provides energy to fuel 1 – 3 minutes of intense activity, such as sprinting. When the anaerobic system is utilized, glucose is broken down via glycolysis. One product of glycolysis is ATP, while another product is hydrogen. If oxygen is present in the body, the aerobic energy system will continually use hydrogen and another product of glycolysis, pyruvate, to produce additional ATP.
If there is not enough hydrogen produced by the aerobic system then pyruvate and hydrogen combine to form lactic acid, which enters the bloodstream and is removed by the liver. If lactic acid is produced faster than the lactate can be removed, the lactate threshold (aka anaerobic threshold) is met. Here, lactic acid will begin to accumulate in the bloodstream and inhibit the body’s ability to utilize fatty acid for energy. Thus, the body will be reliant on glycolysis.
High levels of lactic acid in the blood, in addition to glycogen depletion, leads to muscle fatigue.
Aerobic System
The aerobic system is the energy pathway with which distance runners are most familiar. This system is slower, yet more efficient than the anaerobic or phosphagen systems, and can utilize carbohydrate, fat, or protein to produce energy. Additionally, this system is dependent upon the abundance of oxygen to produce fuel. Unlike the other two systems, the aerobic system is able to burn fat for fuel, which is more readily available in the body than carbohydrates, albeit less efficient to burn at high intensities. When training at lower intensity, the aerobic system will primarily burn fat in order to spare the more favorable carbohydrate conversion.
Ultimately, improving the body’s efficiency at utilizing each of the three systems is important for making necessary performance improvements.
Power: How Do We Propel Ourselves Forward?
Next, in order to sustain forward motion, a runner’s physiology involves the usage of different types of muscle fibers. Each individual will have a different composition of muscle fibers, which will dictate his or her strength as an athlete.
Slow Twitch
Slow twitch muscle fibers are most commonly associated with long distance runners. These muscle fibers are solely recruited for aerobic activity and are also called “red fibers” because of their darker appearance, due to an abundance of myoglobin. In addition to myoglobin, slow twitch muscle fibers also contain mitochondria, which are the organelles that utilize oxygen for adenosine triphosphate (ATP) production.
ATP is responsible for fueling muscle contractions. Unlike fast twitch muscle fibers, slow twitch muscles can sustain force for a long period of time, but are unable to generate large amounts of force. Their low activation threshold means they are the first to be recruited when a muscle contracts. When the amount of force required exceeds the output of a slow twitch fiber, the fast twitch muscles are then recruited.
Fast Twitch B
Fast twitch B muscle fibers are only used for short bursts of exercise that require a high amount of force. For instance, sprinting, hurdling, and jumping all require fast twitch muscle fibers. These muscle fibers are also called fast glycotic, because they rely solely on ATP stored within the muscles for the generation of energy.
This type of muscle fiber has a high activation threshold and is only activated when all other muscle demands have been exhausted. In comparison to slow twitch muscle fibers, they take a shorter amount of time to reach their peak force, but reach fatigue at a quicker rate. Whereas slow twitch muscle fibers are also known as “red fibers,” fast twitch fibers are “white fibers” because they contain less blood and have lighter-colored appearance. When it comes to muscle size and definition in athletes, fast twitch fibers are the ones responsible.
Fast Twitch A
Whereas fast twitch B fibers are solely recruited for anaerobic activity and slow twitch muscles are solely recruited for aerobic activity, fast twitch A fibers are the middle ground between these two fiber types. This muscle type is utilized for high-power, anaerobic activities that are prolonged. For instance, the 400 m and elite-level 800 m dashes mostly require fast twitch A muscle fibers.
Performance: What Factors Play a Role?
When it comes to physical performance, runners are limited by the fitness of their various aerobic, anaerobic, and cardiac systems. The most crucial components are:
VO2 Max
VO2 max is one of the most commonly cited values when it comes to predictive measures for athletic performance. This measurement describes the maximum volume of oxygen that a runner’s muscles can consume per minute. While a high VO2 max does not necessarily mean that a runner will be an Olympian, it does mean there is potential for greatness, as an athlete cannot perform at a level greater than his or her current VO2 value.
VO2 max is dependent on a number of factors, most of which can be improved through specific training. The main determinant for VO2 max is cardiac output, which is defined as the amount of blood that is pumped by the left ventricle per minute. In turn, this value relies on stroke volume, which is the volume of blood pumped by the left ventricle per heart beat, as well as heart rate. Stroke volume depends on venous return, heart contraction rate and force, pressures in the left ventricle and aorta, and size of the left ventricle. Therefore, VO2 max is partly dependent upon genetics, since the size of the left ventricle cannot be changed.
The amount of oxygen that muscles can utilize depends on capillary and mitochondrial volumes. If a person has more capillaries in his or her muscle fibers, oxygen diffusion distance to the mitochondria (the organelles that provide energy to cells) will be faster.
The ability of the muscles to extract oxygen is due to the difference in the amount of oxygen going to the muscles via arterial circulation and the amount coming out via venous circulation. This difference is determined by the convection of oxygen through muscle capillaries and mitochondria. Athletes who can naturally shift their blood from inactive to active tissues will be able to utilize more oxygen from their blood.
Lactate Threshold
However, while VO2 max is an important consideration for performance, other factors are just as crucial. By some theories, lactate threshold may be the best physiological distance running performance predictor. As a reminder, the lactate threshold occurs at the point in which a runner is in the sweet spot between anaerobic and aerobic metabolism, i.e. it is the fastest speed that an athlete can maintain while still running at an aerobic level. For long races, this value is especially important. Unlike VO2 max, lactate threshold is less dependent upon genetics and can be improved significantly with training.
Running Economy
An athlete’s running economy is the amount of oxygen that he or she consumes at submaximal speeds. For instance, when two athletes are running the exact same speed, they are likely consuming different amounts of oxygen, which is defined as their running economy. While many elite athletes have similar VO2 max values, running economy values differ significantly. As an example, Kenyan athletes have similar lactate threshold and VO2 max values as American and European runners; however, their running economies are measured to be much higher.
Ultimately, running economy determines how hard an athlete must work relative his or her maximum ability to utilize oxygen. While runners who have high VO2 max values do not necessarily have high lactate thresholds or superior running economies, athletes with exceptional running economy measurements always have a high VO2 max and lactate threshold.
Recovery: What Happens and Why?
The ability of an athlete to gain the effects of training is reliant on his or her ability to recover. There are two main components to recovery, which are degeneration and regeneration.
Degeneration – Regeneration Cycle
Muscles are among the most dynamic components in a runner’s body. They are constantly changing in order to meet the structural and functional constraints placed on them by the athlete. Their ability to continually change based on a runner’s needs is part of the degeneration – regeneration cycle. As a result of hard training, muscle fibers become damaged. When this phenomenon occurs, the cells that comprise the damaged muscle fibers essentially die and are replaced with newer, stronger, healthier muscle cells.
The process that triggers the degeneration – regeneration cycle is known as inflammation, which has recently become a buzzword in the endurance athlete community. While chronic inflammation can be harmful, acute inflammation is a necessary response.
When muscle tissue is damaged the immune system responds by sending macrophages to the area to consume the cellular debris left behind after cellular death. Next, satellite cells form along the borders of the damaged muscle fibers. The satellite cells contain stem cells that will differentiate into new muscle fibers.
In addition to newer, stronger muscle fibers, there are other benefits to the degeneration – regeneration cycle. Intracellular mitochondria increase, as well as the number of capillaries found in muscle tissue. For runners, this cycle is especially prolific because of the sheer number of muscle contractions that are involved in the activity, particularly eccentric muscle contraction. Here, an activated muscle is lengthened, which results in a high amount of force and tissue injury. However, without the subsequent tissue death (and muscle soreness), muscles would not be able to grow back stronger than before.
Battle of the Sexes: Is Physiology Different for Men and Women?
While running performance for both men and women are largely defined by VO2 max, lactate threshold, and running economy, there are special considerations – particularly when it comes to differences in hormones – that changes the physiology of a male versus a female runner.
For instance, research suggests that women adapt to exercise differently than men. When both men and women were trained in the same manner for a year, the training response of women was found to plateau after initial improvements while men continued to improve over time. Overall, this meant that men had a relatively greater increase in aerobic capacity than women at similar training volumes. However, scientists speculate that improper fueling could potentially be holding female athletes back when it comes to greater muscle adaptations. In general, female athletes tend to under-fuel, which limits the body’s ability to build muscle and sustain muscle growth. In comparison, male athletes do a better job in reaching their caloric and macronutrient requirements.
While women may experience a disadvantage relative their male counterparts in training, other research has found that women are superior when it comes to marathon pacing. Out of 2,929 runners, male athletes ran an average of16% slower in the second half of their race than in the first half, while women only slowed their pace by 12%.
Researchers hypothesize that women do not experience glycogen depletion to the same extent as men, and that women are better at utilizing fat for fueling. Additionally, men may be more susceptible to overheating, which could affect second-half times to a greater extent.
Ultimately, running involves a complex number of physiologic responses. Although simple in theory, there are a variety of behind-the-scenes processes that must occur in order for a runner to optimally perform.
Recent CommentsSeasonal Skin CareSunday, October 29th, 2017, 4:15 pm
As the seasons change, so do your skin care needs.
As the seasons transition from summer to fall and then winter, so do our skin care needs. That said, no matter what the time of year, sunscreen is always an essential part of any skin care regimen.
Always start your daily skin care routine with a broad-spectrum SPF 30 or higher sunscreen on your face and hands and any other exposed skin areas.
The start of cooler months also means losing moisture in your skin, so moisturizing is essential. Now is a good time of year to switch from a lotion moisturizer to a cream product. Always apply moisturizer after your bath or shower as well as throughout the day, as needed.
Your lips can bear the brunt of cool, harsher weather, so tend to them daily as well. Use a lip balm with sunscreen and also moisturizer. A good thick lip cream to apply at bedtime can also work wonders for dry, cracked lips.
Hands also need extra care during the cold months. Pamper them with moisturizing cream throughout the day and at bedtime. Wear gloves when out in cold temperatures.
Neglecting your skin in cold weather can lead to dry, chapped, even sunburned skin. Talk to your dermatologist to determine which time of moisturizing products would be best for your skin type.In Sunday's New York Times, columnist Frank Bruni alerts readers to a plight of many first (and I would add 2nd and 3rd and 4th) year college students: loneliness. I'd also include graduate students and some adults in this same grouping.
Bruni makes a point that is often ignored: adjustment to college is not all that easy for students: they are away from home and away from the familiar. While opportunity abounds, that does not mean students (whatever their stage or age) are completely comfortable and at ease in their new surroundings.
And for those of who have graduated from college decades ago and seemingly only remember the "good times," it would be wise to pause and reflect just for a moment on the actual felt experience of being away from home and/or with new people and wondering whether one was truly "up to the task" and "competent" and whether one would "fit in." Think about one's first social experience, one's first broken heart, one's first low grade.
I want to take a moment here to expand on Bruni's point. For many students — first generation students, low-income students, minority students and students with high ACEs — the emotional challenges Bruni describes are even more challenging. They often experience a different and added kind of loneliness — they have no one at home with whom to share their experiences who can say "been there; done that." They have parents and friends for whom the college experience is new, and the student's adjustment is uncharted water for their family and friends. And for some students, family and friends are overtly or quietly suggesting that college and going away are not the be-all-end all; perhaps they are not even the desired or needed ends. Home, tradition, are good enough.
Think about that. There is personal loneliness as Bruni describes. And then there is added loneliness that comes from "breaking away" from the traditions and experiences of one's family. That is not easy because there is no reciprocity; the student who is breaking away oft-times has no one from the past with whom to share their new experience and no one in the new environment with whom to share either. In short, they have loneliness on steroids. And, Bruni is right: it is hard to be lonely. Painful and wrenching actually. And, that is why some students, if we are honest about it, leave college. They need to return to what feels comfortable; they want to return to people with whom they are comfortable.
Change is hard. New settings are hard. But, what is really hard is loss: leaving behind one's parents and friends for a new place that is unfamiliar — even if better. I wrote recently in a piece in the Aspen Journal of Ideas that the hard part about change is not the newness or the innovations or even the desire for something different and better. It is loss, giving up what one has, even if it is sub-optimal.
For the reasons described in Bruni's piece, educational institutions need to step up how they respond to loneliness. Yes, you can redesign dorms. Yes, you can have active orientation with activities to draw students from their rooms into shared space and shared activities. Yes, you can monitor students so they do not isolate themselves in their rooms texting and facebooking friends from home.
But, I think we can and should do more, all embedded in the concept of lasticity and described in Breakaway Learners (now available in e-book on Amazon and at TCPress).
We need to enable, encourage and effectuate reciprocity. This is not just orientation activities; this is not just revamped space. This is active engagement between a student and an institutional representative who is an adult, who understands the student and the student's background and experience, who can share and comfort and just be a knowing presence.
In other words, we need adults within institutions to engage with new (and existing) students to show that that they care, that they understand, that they, too, have been there and done that. Students need to hear this from adults: I get it; I know what you are feeling; I will not pooh-pooh it as trivial or as immature. These new students need adults who aren't afraid to coddle and don't view the pain of breaking away as being a symbol of a snowflake. Hardly.
So, I'd take Bruni's thoughtful and persuasive op-ed and put it on steroids and encourage those within institutions to step up and be reciprocal. That is different from building buildings and programs. It is building relationships that matter.
As we approach Labor Day, that day is often seen as honoring those who work. It is also a time of major store discounting as if, somehow, Labor Day is a time to spend hard earned cash from one's labor. Labor, as a word, does not just mean work, although it can mean that. It can also mean hard struggles — as in I am laboring to do this project. It is also a word used to describe the birthing process, where a prospective mother is in labor and believe me, that is hard work (for most of us).
As we reflect on all college students this Labor Day, then, let's reflect on the meaning of the word "labor" in its broadest sense: hard work, struggling, and birthing something new. Students from all walks of life with all sorts of baggage (large and small) are experiencing a new phase in their lives — and part of that experience is overcoming and coming to terms with loneliness.
On this Labor Day, let's not labor under the delusion that the start of college is all fun and games and opportunity for the best experience of one's hopefully long and productive life. Instead, let's recognize the labor it takes to experience and come to terms with oneself, defined as loneliness challenges on the pathway forward.
Note: A special thank-you to MW who understands that even when we are away from home on vacation, my need to write is not diminished and that for me, writing is what keeps away loneliness and enables engagement. He gets it and he gets me. You can't ask for more than that.I don’t ordinarily write about the individual sacrifices of our troops because each and every one gives so very much, but this story is heartwrenchingly tragic.
Army Spc. John Austin Johnson seemed to be living with the “luck of the Irish”. In two years in Iraq, the man survived five–yes, FIVE IED and several hand grenade attacks. However, each took their toll in concussion and head trauma, accumulating the effects. The last attack left him with severe brain trauma. He is at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, and he was waiting eagerly to see his family this past weekend.
The children never arrived. The family was caught in a freak wind gust. Mrs. Johnson, driving a Trailblazer, steered and over-corrected and the car flipped about 4 times. The two younger children died and the oldest child is on life support. Mrs. Johnson was badly bruised.
They have received an extreme outpouring of help and support. At this time, they aren’t speaking publicly about the tragedy. The oldest child wasn’t expected to make it through Friday night, but so far has clung to life, despite failing kidneys and severe head injuries.
Soldier’s Angels is one of the groups helping this family. I urge everyone to keep this family in their prayers and, if you are able to help in any way contact Soldier’s Angels or one of the other agencies listed in the original article here.
They need a lot of prayers and love to recover from this tragedy, and of course, they never will fully recover. Keep them close in your hearts.
Filed under: Miss Beth, Soldier Tragedy, Soldier's Angels | Comments Off on Soldier’s Family Tragedy: Children Die on Way to Visit Him In HospitalI hope everyone benefitted from last week's assignment. Of course, doing this kind of exercise may not help every writer, but the more we delve into our characters' minds and thoughts, the move alive they will be on the page.
I have another exercise for you. This particular exercise helped me learn more about my villian, which added depth to the story. My mentor asked us to write a conversation between our protagonist (mine is Akeela) and antagonist (Tzmet) and use ourselves as the moderator. Begin with a question for both of them. Here's what mine looked like:
Pam: Why don’t you band together and work to make the land and people prosperous?
Tzmet: There is no point to this discussion. I refuse to align myself with this uppity child.
Akeela: You don’t even know me.
Tzmet: I don’t have to. My father’s plan is perfect! Why should I deviate from it just to make you happy?
Pam: Okay, you guys, why don’t we just look at the possibility. That doesn’t mean we have to do it.
Tzmet: Hah!
Akeela: Please, Tzmet. Talk to me. I know about you, how things were when your father was alive –
Tzmet: My father is still alive! Blood worms and swamp grass, why am I even talking to you?
Akeela: Maybe you owe me.
Tzmet: What could I possibly owe you?
Akeela: You killed my father.
Tzmet: Such a lie. I don’t even know your father.
Pam: We’re getting off the subject. Let’s list some advantages to working together, okay?
Akeela: In the battle at Tindan. You killed every man, woman and child there. The only reason I am alive is because Krezma saved me.
Tzmet: Don’t speak that woman’s name to me!
Pam: Guys, come on.
Akeela: Okay, let’s talk about working together.
Tzmet: Please. It will do no good.
Akeela: Maybe it will. I mean, let’s look at what we can do. I can talk to fairies. I can also see auras around living things. That could maybe help with communication between villages.
Tzmet: And why would we want to communicate between villages?
Akeela: What if someone needs help?
Tzmet: Such tender mercy! What will it get you but a bruised heart and lighter purse? People who need will take advantage of you every time.
Akeela: Did that happen to you?
Tzmet: Shut up, you vile creature!
Pam: Maybe we should keep the name calling to a minimum.
Akeela: Combining our strengths can only benefit us. Think about it. You can still live in your castle and you won’t be afraid.
Tzmet: What?
Akeela: You can have the freedom to come and go without people being terrified of you.
Tzmet: I like that. People being scared of me, that is.
Akeela: And you won’t have to be alone. You would have friends.
Tzmet: What would I need friends for?
Akeela: Everyone needs friends.
Tzmet: I’ve never had a friend. Friends betray you. They leave you. They take advantage of you and bleed you dry. I will not show weakness in this way.
Akeela: I’m sorry for you.
This is where I found out my villian was lonely. As you can imagine, it changed the way I handled her. Now, it's your turn. Write the conversation and let us know if you discovered anything or how it helped you.
Don't Plant Trees!
4 years agoVocabulary literary analysis
10TH GRADE HONORS ENGLISH LITERARY TERMS: VOCABULARY
Vocabulary to Describe Literary Devices. A simile is a literary device where the ” the term is therefore rarely useful for response or critical analysis.
Literary Analysis Tips In a Glossary of Analytical Terms
09.11.2017 · Video embedded · Here's a teaching strategy to use as a literary analysis tool. The Pattern Folder allows English teachers to help students gather textual evidence, draw
Literary terms vocabulary, Literary terms word list - www
Reading ISAT: Literary Analysis Vocabulary and Signs & Symbols Reading Literary Analysis: Vocabulary and Signs & Symbols Page 1 of 2 Information taken
Study Stack Unit 2 Literary Vocabulary.
Vocabulary for text analysis and text The author uses/employs/makes use of literary/formal/informal/colloquial Vocabulary for text analysis and text
Vocabulary for text analysis and text production - IFWeblog
Macbeth Literary Terms . Act Allusion A reference to a literary or historical person or event to explain a present situation. Aside
Literary Terms Worksheet - Analytical Grammar
The Language of Literary Analysis . generously provided by former Consol AP English IV teacher Liz Davis. VERBS . These verbs will be especially effective when the
Glossary of literary terms - Wikipedia
Literary Luminaries and English Vocabulary: An Analysis :- Ram Avadh Prajapati 798 International Journal of Research (IJR) Vol -1, Issue 4, May 2014 ISSN 2348-6848
English 102 Online: Literary Analysis and Terminology
LITERARY VOCABULARY : PreAP/AP LITERARY TERMS. Terms will be introduced on the grade level under which they are listed. Terms will carry over to each grade level.
Macbeth Literary Terms - Quia
Literary terms vocabulary, Literary terms word list - a free resource used in over 24,000 schools to enhance vocabulary mastery & written/verbal skills with Latin
Literary analysis essay - The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
a literary work in which all or most of the characters, settings, and events symbolize ideas, qualities, or figures beyond themselves. ALLEGORY
Learn Spanish Literary Vocabulary
Browse through our list of literary devices and literary terms with definitions, examples, and usage tips. Explore each device in depth through literature.
Sophomore English - whs.wsd.wednet.edu
10TH GRADE HONORS ENGLISH LITERARY TERMS: vocabulary, and other literary and structural elements of a text and analysis. • comedy – a play
Literary Devices | Literary Terms
Literary Terms Worksheet (20 points) Use complete sentences to identify, explain, and (if necessary) justify the following elements. Conflict
Vocabulary+for+Literary+Analysis-3 | Narration | Poetry
15.10.2017 · Literary analysis essay Literary analysis essay - The adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Jim’s grammar and vocabulary is atrocious,
A Guide to Writing the Literary Analysis Essay
Included below is a list of literary terms that can help you interpret, critique, and respond to a variety of different written works. This list is by no means
Purdue OWL: Literary Terms
Saved C: Character Analysis Vocabulary List MICROSOFT WORD Character Analysis Vocabulary List Tutorial Services – Mission del Paso Campus A. Physical Qualities
Literary Devices and Literary Terms - The Complete List
of vocabulary, dialogues, and to literary analysis. Because the field of literary analy-sis of fiction, literary analysis include: (1) New Crit-
Literary Analysis Vocabulary - phillipsk.weebly.com
Liven up your lit class for grades 8 thru 12 with hip-hop videos about Hamlet, Huck Finn, The Scarlet Letter and more! Lesson plans & quizzes included.
Literary Devices and Terms - PBworks
Students are asked to write literary analysis essays because this type of assignment encourages you to think about how and why a poem, short story, novel, or play was
Teaching Tip For A Literary Analysis Tool: Pattern Folders
When students engage in "word analysis" or "word study," they break words down into their smallest units of meaning — morphemes. Discover effective strategies for
Literary Terms and Definitions - Carson-Newman College
Start studying English Literary Analysis Terms. Learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools.
Analysis Synonyms, Analysis Antonyms | Thesaurus.com
is a type of literary genre that tells a fictional story. It reveals its plot through the actions, speech, and thoughts of its characters. Literary Analysis:
Literary Analysis Vocabulary Flashcards - Cram.com
Literary Analysis Tips In a Glossary of Analytical Terms. Note: The astute reader will soon realize that these notes first were directed toward a class reading
Word Analysis to Expand Vocabulary Development | Reading
Writing about Reading Unit: Literary Essay 4th specific vocabulary to c. Draw evidence from literary or informational texts to support analysis, reflection
Vocabulary to Describe Literary Devices - Vocabulary List
Study Flashcards On Literary Analysis Vocabulary at Cram.com. Quickly memorize the terms, phrases and much more. Cram.com makes it easy to get the grade you want!
Introduction Vocabulary from Literary Texts - NMS
Learn Spanish Literary Vocabulary. The Spanish language is a very rich language with lots of vocabulary. Mastering the Spanish vocabulary can help you a lot if you
GRE Literature in English Test Practice Book - ETS Home
Application Essay Writing Vocabulary. application essay writing vocabulary literary analysis essay 1984 Application Essay Writing Vocabulary List mba admission essays
The Relevance of Literary Analysis to Teaching Literature
Welcome to the website dedicated to literary devices (literary terms). Here you will find a list literary devices with definitions and examples. Please fee free to
Writing about Reading Unit: Literary Essay 4 grade
E1 Unit 1: Literary Analysis Overview 3 Created by HS ELAR June 2016 Academic Vocabulary Vocabulary Connotative meaning is the emotions or set of associations
English Literary Analysis Terms Flashcards | Quizlet
Vocabulary from Literary Texts Included in this section of the NMSI website are vocabulary lessons based on literary texts. and analysis of content
Reading Literary Analysis - Vocab and Signs & Symbols
Literary Devices p. 1 of 10 Literary Devices and Terms Literary devices are specific language techniques which writers use to create text that is clear, interesting
Vocabulary of Literary Analysis - images.pcmac.org
A List of Important Literary Terms From the Web site for English 299: Intro to Literary Analysis calling upon the history or the literary tradition that author
How to Analyze a Literary Passage: A Step-by-Step Guide
The Literature in English Test contains questions on poetry, drama, biography, I. Literary Analysis (40-55%) Questions that require an ability to interpret
E1 TEKS Vocabulary Literary Analysis - Weebly
a method of literary criticism that analyzes details of a text in literary criticism based on close analysis of Vocabulary.com can put you on the path
Vocabulary found in literary analysis essays
Theme The central message of the story Revealed through an understanding of and resolution to central conflicts (either internal or external)
literary criticism - Dictionary Definition : Vocabulary.com
~ See Literary Analysis below. Understand how vocabulary enhance the reading experience, and demonstrate increased knowledge by completing formative quizzes.
LITERARY DEVICES Copyright © 2007 by Jay Braiman
Video embedded · In this lesson, we will examine the steps involved in the basic analysis of literature. Video: How to Analyze a Literary Passage: A Step-by-Step Guide.Chipshoppers.com specializes in supplying common, obsolete and
hard to find semiconductors, components, ICs, military and aviation parts like
HP57434, HP574361, HP575, HP5771G2, HP57832, HP58503AOPTAWM, HP5851006, HP585100815, HP585100853, HP5851018, and other industrial, military or aviation parts. Chipshoppers.com is a military and aviation parts distributor. If you
need more information about other availabilities, please contact our sales team
sales@chipshoppers.com
catalog3401 catalog3402 catalog3403 catalog3404 catalog3405 catalog3406 catalog3407 catalog3408
catalog3409 catalog3410
This site is © Copyright Young & New Century LLC 2001-2010, All
Rights ReservedThe reception of citizens and legal persons by the administration of the State Committee on Science and Technology and the managers of structural subdivisions (by appointment) is stipulated in the SCST, and also the receiving of information about the time and place of the reception including the reception by officials through the department of organizational work and personnel of the SCST in regions in accordance with the daily routine: Lyudmila Valeryevna Afanasyeva, main specialist of the department of organizational work and personnel of the SCST, room 316, tel.: 8-017-284-07-60.Best Bets
- Pockets of air are shown trapped in the ice Wednesday, Nov. 15, 2017 on Beluga Lake in Homer, Alaska. (Photo by Megan Pacer/Homer News)
Can you feel it? The slow but merciless onset of the winter doldrums? The Betster sure can.
The Betster knows there are morning people out there — heck, the Betster could have even been one in a former life — but fails to comprehend how one could exist in a world where the sun, life’s natural cheery alarm clock, doesn’t get out of bed until after 9 a.m. Are we expected to spring our of our beds wide eyed and bushy tailed when, for all intents and purposes, it still looks and feels like it’s 2 in the morning? The Betster fails to see how this is possible, and therefore has been allowing the winter blues to start setting in. Less spring in the step, less pep in the conversation.
But we are not tied to this fate every winter. No, there are plenty of things we can do to stave it off, from cross-country skiing to joining an after-work club to just getting out for a quick walk in the middle of the day when the sun’s still out. And the Betster can’t stress this one enough: Vitamin D, vitamin D, vitamin D. If all else fails, check out these best bets:
BEST HEALTH BET: Who says we’re destined every year to put on the customary holiday fluff? Learn how to indulge in the holiday season while staying spry with the next Thriving Thursday, Health Holiday Recipes with Sharon Bond of Seldovia Village Tribe. Learn healthy and unique ways to cook your Thanksgiving dinner — Sharon will share some of her favorite holiday recipes. Thriving Thursday is from 6-8 p.m. today at SVT Health and Wellness Center.
BEST BRIE AND BREW BET: If you’ve been patiently awaiting the return of hearty brew and even heartier cheese, you’re in luck! Beer and Cheese is back at the Bunnell Street Arts Center this weekend. “A festive fundraiser of froth and fromage,” the event costs $25 and allows participants to sample five pairings of seasonal cheeses from Anchorage’s Fromagio’s Artisan Cheese with Homer Brewing Company’s fall brews. It takes place at 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 18 at the center. Pints of beer and cheese by the pound will be available for additional purchase.
BEST GRAB SOME GRUB BET: A Chili Cook-off and Chow Down will take place from 5-8 p.m. Friday, Nov. 17, at Grace Ridge Brewery. Admission is $10 a person, with proceeds benefitting South Peninsula Haven House. Voting also will be held for the best chili. What better way to warn up your spirit, and belly, as the weather gets colder and colder?
BEST PHILANTHROPIC BET: Have you caught on to the theme yet? Continuing in the foodie direction, if these other events haven’t given you your fill, you could check out the Homer High School Culinary Arts Trivia Night Fundraiser and chow down on some pie in the process. Proceeds allow the program to buy supplies for the students to continue their hands-on education experience. It’s a fun night of trivia and all-you-can-eat pie from the Culinary Arts Program. Form a team of up to six people or come or be placed with a team. Teams will play trivia in six rounds and winners will walk away with whole pies as well as the title Trivia Masters. The event is from 6:30-9 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 18, and there will also be whole pies available for sale at the event for $15. Tickets are $15 at the Homer High School front desk or the Homer Bookstore.
A Facebook login using a real name is required for commenting. Respectful and constructive comments are welcomed. Abusers will be blocked and reported to Facebook.The FATHOM team is proud to now offer same-day and next-day options for its high-end digital fabrication services. FATHOM is an advanced manufacturer and 3D printing expert with expedited additive manufacturing options to support quick turnaround project needs.
FATHOM’s Same-Day and Next-Day services are ideal for speeding up the product development process—go from concept to prototype to manufacturing in an accelerated way that was not previously possible.
*All orders are subject to approval. Standard lead-times can vary depending on geometry and size of parts, as well as material availability. Expedite options and some materials may require additional fees—speak with a FATHOM expert for further details.
MAKE IT HAPPEN—Same Day 3D Printing Services //
FATHOM offers same-day additive manufacturing services for 3D printed prototypes and production parts. Our production centers in Oakland and Seattle are equipped with industry-leading equipment—let’s make it happen! Get the parts you need built and ready for pick-up or shipment within the same day the order was placed. Start a conversation with a manufacturing specialist today.
PolyJet Technology is an industry favorite—high-quality 3D printing ideal for applications that require higher resolution and excellent surface finish.
Same-Day Pricing: Rush Fees Apply & $150 Order Minimum
Same-Day Guidelines:
- PolyJet Single Material—First Available Vero & Multiple Material—VeroWhite+/TangoBlack+
- All Parts Together Must Fit Within Dimension Requirements: 240mm x 100mm x 40mm
- Total Quantity < 20 (Number of Parts Per Order)
- 3D CAD Files and Payment Must Be Submitted to FATHOM by 10AM
- Order is Available for Pick-up by 5PM the Same Day or Will Be Shipped
HUSTLE—Next Day 3D Printing Services //
FATHOM offers next-day 3D printing services to support your fast-moving product development process. Whether you order prototypes or production parts for end-use, our production centers in Oakland and Seattle will hustle to expedite the order. 3D printed parts will be built and ready for pick-up or shipping the next day after the order was placed. Start a conversation with a manufacturing specialist today.
PolyJet and FDM technologies are industry favorites—whether you need 3D printed parts with higher resolution and excellent surface finish or the durability of engineering-grade thermoplastics, the Next-Day offering includes many great material options to choose from.
Next Day Pricing: Rush Fees Apply & Minimum is $150
Next Day Guidelines:
- PolyJet and FDM Material Options
- Subject to Geometry, Sizing, Quantity of Parts, and Build Times
- 3D CAD Files and Payment Must Be Submitted to FATHOM by 4PM
- Order is Available for Pick-up by 5PM the Following Business Day or Will Be Shipped
LET’S DO THIS—Standard 3D Printing Services //
From smooth surfaces to thin walls to complex geometries to rigidity to rubber-like materials—the Oakland and Seattle production centers are outfitted with the best additive manufacturing technologies that enhance and accelerate your production development process.
The FATHOM team offers standard lead-times for a variety of materials with no rush fees for FDM, PolyJet, SLA, SLS, and DMLS technologies. Model finishing services are also available. Start a conversation today with a FATHOM expert to learn more.
*All orders are subject to approval. Standard lead-times can vary depending on geometry and size of parts, as well as material availability. Some materials may require additional fees—speak with a FATHOM expert for further details.
To learn more about FATHOM’s Same-Day, Next-Day, and Standard Lead-Time options, as well as terms and conditions, start a conversation with a FATHOM expert today.
February 6, 2016 - 12:17 am
[…] a third party to produce parts for them, making the time it takes to receive a print even longer. 3D printing studio FATHOM, however, is attempting to tackle this issue with same-day and next-day options for the firm’s […]I know it's been a while since I've posted. For all those praying for Jess, she got through surgery great, spent almost 30 days in the hospital, but is now out, doing well, back to work and enjoying life. Jess's passion is food---she creates these very cool dishes and takes photos of them. Maybe I'll get her to post something here one day. Her food is fabulous!!
Everything else has been moving along. Still busy at the job, still writing in spare time, taking the summer off of bowling.
I've got two more manuscripts started. Very different books, but each with an important message from God.
I'm reading the Bible chronologically with a lady at church. Donnah and I meet every Sunday morning at 9:30 to go over what we have read the week before. It's been such a blessing and really, even if you've read the stories before there is always something to learn.
Today I was reading a Psalm that was reflecting back on the Israelites and how God had led them out of Egypt, had provided for them, and still, they turned from Him.
They whined and whined for food and he sent manna. Manna literally means what is it?
They soon grew weary and tired of their manna and complained.
It made me think on my life. I'm asking myself the hard question---what is my manna and am I complaining?
Reading God's word always gets me thinking!!! What about you?, carbon monoxide is a familiar term, but there is quite a bit that homeowners don’t realize about it. As an example, there are a few common household appliances that emit carbon monoxide, and when they aren’t properly vented or maintained, they can build up within your home. Keep your home comfortable and carbon monoxide free with these tips. The quality of air in your home and safety is of the utmost importance to us, which is why we work to keep you informed. Check out these five tips to keep your household safe throughoutIn this talk I will present an information theoretic approach to stochastic optimal control to autonomy that collapses planning, perception and control into one computational engine, and ask questions related to how organization and structure affects functionality and performance in "engineered" organisms. Finally, I will provide alternative frameworks for uncertainty representation and suggest ways to incorporate these representations within decision making and control.
Evangelos A. Theodorou is an assistant professor with the Guggenheim School of aerospace engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology. He is also affiliated with the Institute of Robotics and Intelligent Machines. was a Postdoctoral Research Fello with the department of computer science and engineering, University of Washington, Seattle. Evangelos Theodorou is the recipient of the King-Sun Fu best paper award of the IEEE Transactions on Robotics for the year 2012 and recipient of the best paper award in cognitive robotics in International Conference of Robotics and Automation 2011. He was also the finalist for the best paper award in International Conference of Humanoid Robotics 2010 and International Conference of Robotics and Automation 2017. His theoretical research spans the areas of stochastic optimal control theory, machine learning, information theory and statistical physics. Applications involve learning, planning and control in autonomous, robotics and aerospace systems.
Contact: Judi Jones
Phone: 763-8557
Sponsor(s): ECE
Faculty Sponsor: Shai Revzen- Last Contents
- 41 Big Games Coming in 2018
Jan. 3, 2018, 10:52 a.m.
- Kingdom Come: Deliverance: 13 Minutes of Combat, Speech, and Stealth – IGN First
Dec. 20, 2017, 12:22 a.m.
- Kingdom Come: Deliverance Hands-On
June 29, 2017, 3:19 a.m.
- Kingdom Come: Deliverance delayed again
June 11, 2017, 2:34 a.m.
- 5 video game betas to look forward to in 2016
Dec. 22, 2015, 1:21 p.m.
- Book of Unwritten Tales 2 confirms release date and Almanac Edition
Jan. 15, 2015, 10:49 a.m.
- Kickstarter raised $89 million for games in 2014
Jan. 7, 2015, 10:48 a.m.
Last Videos
2 videos about Kingdom Come: Deliverance >>
Details
Rooted within the Holy Roman Empire during the late Middle Ages, Kingdom Come: Deliverance promises a first-person seat to a harsh and brutal power struggle for the throne. <P> As players traverse expansive, strikingly detailed locales, they’ll grapple with a range of period-accurate fighting techniques, horseback combat, open-field sieges, and large-scale battles, all while developing relationships and a reputation that will inform the greater story. Kingdom Come: Deliverancepromises no magic, high fantasy or mythical overtones - it draws its inspiration instead from historically authentic characters, themes, and warfare.
Also for: PC , PLAYSTATION 4 , XBOX ONE
Genre: RPG
Publisher: Warhorse Studios
Developer: Warhorse Studios
Release Date: 03/31/2016Anguished over failing to bring doctors he believes were responsible for his young son’s death almost 18 years ago to justice, a father flung a file full of documents pertaining to the case at Chief Justice of India K.G. Balakrishnan at a function in Chandigarh.
Arrested by alert security personnel but released with a stern warning some hours later, Chandigarh businessman Balbir Singh Makol said he does not regret his action. City residents are nonetheless agog with the replay of sorts of the embarrassing exchange former US President George W. Bush had with the shoe-throwing Baghdad journalist some months ago.
Mr Singh told reporters he became angry after local officials stopped him from personally handing in a petition to the CJI, who he believes could be his final hope to resolve his unending predicament.
“I have been running literally from pillar to post for the past 17 years but the courts have given a clean chit to the very doctors whose negligence cost me the life of my 18-year-old son. I went to meet the Chief Justice but they wouldn’t allow me to go near him,” Mr Singh said.
Suffering from a knee infection, Mr Singh’s son died under “mysterious circumstances” while under the care of private doctors at a Delhi clinic. The still grieving father says he has very nearly exhausted his life’s earnings in trying to get justice for his boy but has found no relief from the courts. “I am a very frustrated man and I do not repent what I did at the CJI’s function where the top judicial officers of the country were present,” he said declaring that he was completely disgusted and had lost all faith in the judicial system.
“Maybe what I did will serve to awaken the courts,” he said.Margaret W. Frey, Textiles and Apparel, and colleagues perfected the technique of electrospinning to spin nanofibers from cellulose, an abundant biodegradable, renewable resource. With colleague Yong Joo, Chemical Engineering, Fey developed new solvents for cellulose, which enabled the production of fiber using the technique. Electrospinning cellulose on the nanoscale entails dissolving cellulose in a solvent, squeezing the liquid polymer solution through a tiny pinhole, and applying a high voltage to the pinhole. Electrospinning produces nonwoven mats of nanofibers. Producing a low-cost, high-value, high-strength fiber from reclaimed cellulose material—for example, fiber lost to scrap whenever cotton is converted to fabric and garments—will increase motivation to recycle these materials at all phases of textile production, removing them from the waste stream. Applications for the new technique could include air filtration, protective clothing, agricultural nanotechnology, and biodegradable nanocomposites, as well as using biodegradable eletrospun cellulose mats to absorb fertilizers, pesticides, and other materials for targetedN° 35, 2016 - Entrepreneurship: Which way for the development of Haiti
PlanHaut de page
Entrepreneurship: Which way for the development of Haiti
Entrepreneurship is a well researched topic that covers Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), corporate, developed countries, under developed countries and developing countries. This special issue is about entrepreneurship in Haiti which according to a Financial Times (2015) report is the Latin American country with the greatest number of locals opening their own business each year and yet the country where there is the least financial support for entrepreneurs. This paradox could be due to a need for locals to survive, it could also be a cultural factor; a strong belief that entrepreneurship can improve the economic development of Haiti, etc.
Academic research in the field of entrepreneurship in undeveloped countries show that locals are deeply interested in creating their own businesses because it is the only option for them to make a living and meet their primary needs (Séraphin, 2012 ; Mshenga & Owuor, 2009). Books about Haiti support this point. In Laura Rose Wagner’s book ‘Hold tight don’t let go’ (2015), Magdalie, the main character opened her business of selling water right after the January 12, 2010 earthquake. The only purpose was to make a living. In ‘Bonjour blanc a journey through Haiti’, Ian Thomson (2014, 2004) explains how Richard Morse became an entrepreneur in the hospitality sector by chance (Séraphin, 2014, 2013).
In Haiti, nothing seems to be planned in advance. Everything seems to happen by chance, hence the reason why entrepreneurship is a heavy weight in the GDP of the country (Financial Times, 2015). This non strategic and short term vision of entrepreneurship in Haiti is peculiar to the vast majority of the population, that is to say the poor. However, this does not happen across the board as the rich (the minority of population) also called the ‘elite’ have a perception of entrepreneurship similar to developed countries where entrepreneurship is seen as a long term strategy with so called Corporate Social Responsibilities (CSR).
This special issue about Haiti is to find practical solutions to ensure that entrepreneurship can play a major role in the economic development of the country. Jerry Tardieu, a Haitian entrepreneur, claimed that investing in Haiti is a proof of faith in the country’s potential. What can be done to turn entrepreneurship into a sustainable tool for the development of Haiti? This is the central research question of this special issue.
For a while, leading entrepreneurs in Haiti were from the Middle East (Syria, Liban, etc) and public companies. However, over the last three years, entrepreneurs in Haiti have come from different backgrounds. Also, more and more young people are getting into entrepreneurship and many public companies have been privatised. Despite the fact that for some analyst’s entrepreneurship in Haiti has totally failed (Lundahl, 2010), the development of micro finance over the last few years has democratized access to funding, enabling development of a multitude of micro-enterprises (Paul & Dameus Garrabé, 2011) (Paul, Daméus & Garrabé, 2011).
With programmes like ‘Mon Entreprise Mon Avenir’ or programmes for young entrepreneurs (public sector) and Digicel Entrepreneur of the Year (private sector), how are the locals responding to this financial support? How are all these changes impacting on the economic development of the country? Despite the different initiatives to develop entrepreneurship, there is still a dearth of financial support for locals. How can entrepreneurs be supported? What sectors have an edge? Is the fact that public and private sectors are keen to develop entrepreneurship going to turn the ‘informal’ entrepreneurship sector in Haiti into a ‘formal’ entrepreneurship sector?
This special issue is going to consider conceptual and empirical papers. Even if this special issue is about Haiti, destinations with a similar profile will also be considered (Latin American countries, Haiti, etc). In this issue, multi disciplinary approaches will also be considered (management sociology, geography, ethnology, anthropology, politics, etc)
Key themes
The link between entrepreneurship and economic development
Entrepreneurship and territorial development. How to move from ‘the Port-au-Prince Republic’ to a more decentralised development?
Entrepreneurship strategy in a poor country context / scarce availability of financial support
Public sector policy and entrepreneurship schemes
Co development of entrepreneurship and financial systems
Recent changes in the entrepreneurship system of Haiti
The relation between commercial entrepreneurship and productive entrepreneurship
Recent investments in tourism
Recent governemnt policy for the development of entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship and immaterial resources (cultural, artisanal, symbolic, etc.)
Entrepreneurship and a variety of projects (women, youth, students, seniors, disabled, etc.)
Entrepreneurship and the working class: Can poor people be considered entrepreneurs?
The link between entrepreneurship and education
The legal vacuum limiting the development of agricultural entrepreneurship
Papers in English and Spanish are welcomed
Deadlines
July 15th, 2015: Abstract (500 words)
February 29th, 2016: Full paper
May 20th, 2016: Reviewed paper
July, 2016: Publication of the paper
Guest editors
Hugues SERAPHIN (The University of Winchester, Angleterre)
Bénédique PAUL (Université Quisqueya et Université d’Etat Haïti)
Papers should be sent to
hugueser.tourism@gmail.com et benedique.paul@uniq.edu.htLet me tell you about a miracle I’ve had a few weeks ago. I’ve posted this story before on my Facebook page, and I am telling this again, a longer version of the story, for other interested readers who believe in everyday miracles and how it can transform your life. To friends who might have read that story and enjoyed, well this is the full length account of that story.
Months before my brother went to the hospital, I had already scheduled myself to attend a three-day retreat. I had taken pains to save up for this event and file the necessary vacation leave at the office. However, because of the workload at the office in that week leading to my brother’s checkup, I had to back out the last minute.
LAST MINUTE! A day before my scheduled retreat! Because of all the effort I made to get in the retreat, I felt pretty bad I wasn’t going after all because of a workload that I had to prioritize. I had to call up the coordinator to cancel my schedule and sign up for another date. That was in the morning. I was sad about it but I offered this disappointment to God believing that there was a reason for that. By afternoon, I got my reason. My mother accompanied my brother to the hospital to consult his eyesight which had grown blurred the past few days. He never got out of the hospital and was ordered to take a complete physical exam.
Rushed to the hospital
During the course of the check ups, my brother eye was diagnosed to have a ruptured or damaged retina as a result of diabetes which he never knew he had. Further exams also showed he had hypertension and a stroke. It was a deadly combination of all of these diseases that had my mother and brother were detained at the hospital. The cardiologist ordered an angiogram be done the soonest to check the condition of his heart.
Now my mother doesn’t have a lot of finances, ditto my brother who didn’t have a job. They relied on me to help pay for the angiogram. With the money I had from my paycheck, I paid for the angiogram. The cardiologist gave us three possible scenarios: one was that the blockage wasn’t so bad that it could be remedied by medication; two, an angioplasty; three (the worst case), a bypass. We were given a ball park figure how much it would cost. I was praying for the first case scenario. I had given my mother a prayer card of Bishop Alvaro del Portillo, St. Josemaria Escriva’s successor in Opus Dei who was about to be beatified soon. I asked my mother to help me pray to him for help on the finances. She said she would.
The results of the angiogram gave dismal news: a major vein was blocked which was why my brother had difficulty breathing normally (he thought the difficulty was because of his cough!). But because he was young, an angioplasty was the way to go. I said ok and the procedure was done after an hour.
And now came the hard part….
After the three day observation period, my brother would be free to go. But then came the hard blow: the enormous bill! I was completely stupified to see how much we had to pay, and because my mother and brother did not have any, my husband and I were expected to foot the bill. How will we get that big amount money?
Now, my father-in-law had a friend who was very ill and whom we had extended some help in the past. Despite her illness (she has cancer and a heart condition too), she helped me find a way to get financial support from the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office. She, despite her illness, never left my side until I got the check. It wasn’t that much, but if you get stuck with a bill that will keep you buried up to your neck, you’d be thankful with any amount. Look at how a random act of kindness will go!
Still, we were considerably short. Negotiations with the hospital had keep the amount controllable, but the fact is we couldn’t get my brother out without satisfying the bill. Where else do we get the money? I was getting depressed about it.
A Bible verse that seemed to “talk” to me
Now I’ve always had the habit of praying and choosing at random a Bible verse, leafing through the pages with my eyes closed and reading the verse where my finger points to. That particular day, April 10, was a verse in which Jesus asked a blind man: “What do you want me to do for you?” The message was so clear! Jesus was talking to ME and asking me what I wanted HIM to do for ME!
Down but not depressed, I wrote in my diary: “Lord, help me get my brother discharged already.” This happened in the morning. The picture you see below is the exact entry I wrote down in my diary.
I had forgotten it altogether when I received good news from hubby: “Your brother will be disharged today.” The news came close to three o’clock, the hour of mercy! God answered my prayer!
Truly, when you look with eyes of faith, you can never go wrong. To our Blessed Mother, sweet Jesus, Bishop Alvaro, St. Pio and St. Michael (to whom my brother was a devotee), I praise and thank You all for helping us!The New Jersey Department of Agriculture continues to work tirelessly to proudly promote the Jersey Fresh brand of fresh produce from the Garden State.
“We are best known for peaches, blueberries, corn, tomatoes, peppers, and greens, but our farmers grow over 100 varieties of fruits and vegetables,” said Thomas Beaver, director of the New Jersey Department of Agriculture’s Division of Marketing & Development.
The NJDA will be at Booth No. 1506 at the 92nd Annual Canadian Produce Marketing Convention & Tradeshow, May 9-11, in Toronto.
In attendance at the booth to meet and greet with produce professionals will be Director of Markets and Development Tom Beaver, and Coordinator of Agricultural Development Joe Atchison III.
“At the CPMA Convention & Tradeshow, we most look forward to seeing Canadian produce retailers, wholesalers and foodservice operators who look to source fresh produce for their customers,” said Beaver. “Because New Jersey’s harvest typically begins a few weeks prior to the Canadian harvest, we see many people buying from our growers during this period.” New Jersey Department of Agriculture has continually worked to bring Jersey Fresh to all who want it by working with restaurants, schools, colleges, big box stores, local communities, hotels, hospitals and more. Over time, the program has evolved, including its new Jersey Fresh logo introduced in 2006.
“The largest benefit the New Jersey Department of Agriculture gains from exhibiting at the CPMA Convention & Trade Show is the continuation of relationships forged decades ago and the opportunity to develop new relationships with buyers from New Jersey’s third largest market for agricultural products,” noted Beaver.
Beaver was appointed in his position on Nov. 15, 2016 by the New Jersey Department of Agriculture. He replaced Al Murray, a long-time fixture at the Department as well as at the CPMA event, who retired on Nov. 30.
“If you knew Al Murray, we encourage you to stop by our booth and introduce yourself to me,” said Beaver.“Most people do not listen with intent to understand. Most people listen with intent to reply.”- Stephen R. Covey
I believe the quote above is true of many people, but one person in my life who I believe listened with an intent to understand was my physician, Dr. Vachte Ayvazian.
In today’s #LiveInspired vlog, I share some advice that Dr. Ayvazian used to give the young residents about becoming better listeners. As you head into the classroom, office, factory, or carpool line, may his words remind you to listen to others not with an intent to reply, but with an intent to understand them.
Today is your day. Live Inspired.This may result in reduced functionality and affect the graphical presentation of this site.
However, all content will still be available.
Unfortunately, many UK livestock buildings are not fit for purpose. Around 50% of livestock housing in Britain is not able to provide adequate ventilation.
Good building design takes account of the need to control three key environmental parameters: air speed, moisture and fresh air. Cattle buildings should maximise ventilation potential on a still day without exposing livestock to elevated air speed when the wind is blowing.
Excess moisture is highly undesirable because it:
Damp buildings generally feel cold. But in warm or hot weather, dampness can be used beneficially to cool down livestock and buildings.
This link will take you to a site outside KBYH.com - MSD Animal Health does not control any of the content on this site nor are we responsible for the accuracy or content of any non-MSD Animal Health sources
References:
1. Livestock housing expert Jamie Robertson. Livestock Management Systems Ltd.As Christians we have a message to share. Not just a message of salvation, but more personal ones - things like triumphs over abuse, addiction, and more! People need to hear these stories. They need to hear YOUR story.
I invite you to download this FREE 16 page eBook Ready, Set, Share Your Message. This report was created to help show you how to take your message online. Simply enter your name and email address below for instant access:
Five things you need to do to set yourself up as a blogger and to start taking your message to the virtual world. The eBook also has several 'see it in action' examples of what is being taught in that section.
About the author of Ready, Set, Share Your Message
Hi! I'm Tishia - owner of Tishia Saves Time Virtual Assistant Services.
I've been blogging and working with other bloggers, coaches, speakers, authors (and more) since 2006.
I help them behind the scenes - customer support, mailing list management, social media management, transcription and so much more!Autobiography Sample
Article writing is just not actually an effortless occupation. Through this kind of essay creating activities, pupils might learn about various concepts by getting in their own principles. Composing essays are a truly major part books areas in school academics. Composing on such topics should end up being a fantastic workout for the thoughts and thoughts. As a way to begin writing on any of these issues, you should tackle entire research. Way more, in regards to argumentative and persuasive writing. With this particular, substantial study and fast believing is significant. Take a peek at how you can really do your bit and contribute to these basic techniques to save the setting. The subsequent post gives you details of the same, together with provide you a notion of the means in order to avoid water pollution.
An internet site content author must not be well unaware of keyword-stuffing and keyword area.
Make an effort to ensure it truly is informative, without any trace of prejudice. Wearing off water without treatment is among the key elements behind pollution. Restoration of wetlands is among the vital way of managing sewage water. The different methods sewage pollution impacts Thesis Writing Service our lifestyle is found below. Such Top Admission Essay states, sewage water isn’t disposed suitably. Sanitation is not watched by dissertation writing services a lot of people. This will guarantee that pollution is avoided.
Apologize for that hassle and dissatisfaction caused by the problem.
Pollution brought on by sewage water is among the significant problems in cities all around the world. Air pollution, within this perception, is among the most fatal types of pollution. Don’t forget, argument article composing is genuinely not as straightforward as it seems. Thus, for anyone who is seeking for some excellent alternatives on your own essay, locate several fascinating references in these paragraphs. Your composition must be up-to-day with all the facts, particularly the performance figures of the gamers. Simply ensure that it does not seem simply factual. Plastic waste makes up about causing elevated soil along with water pollution. This discharges toxic substances within the atmosphere which eventually provide about water pollution.
However, similar to the form, not many people are likely to qualify to-use the 1040a form.
Utilisation of chemical fertilizers is an important source of pollution of land. Use of this sort of water for farming function plays a role in salinization of ground, which then causes soil erosion. Sewerage contains organic wastes and compounds. Removal of pollutants is the key aim of remedy of sewage water. Soil includes both natural along with in organic material. This may assist in preventing soil pollution. One of the numerous modes we independently increase the amount of pollutants within the environment, auto pollution clothes the list. Atmosphere pollution is really a change within the bodily, chemical and biological qualities of air that leads to unfavorable impacts on humans and other organisms.
Here you can see one of the samples of composition writing.
Factors answerable for causing improvements in the ambient heat of water result in thermal pollution. Economy energy will, undoubtedly, help to stop air pollution. Avoiding the usage of an automobile for quick journeys may cut the pollution levels within the surroundings. Furthermore, buy merchandise which are reused. These vehicles raise the amount of sound pollution within the environment. The authorities is, in inclusion, executing successful waste management. To possess an elevated understanding on the effect of automobile pollution to the health of earth, let’s simply take a glance at this issue in detail. This can wind up being another enlightening issue to speak on. Simply be sure you do justice with the topic, not omit every crucial particulars.Having dietary restrictions doesn’t mean you can’t have an elegant event with a varied menu.
This menu has been designed with that in mind!
Cold Selection
Rare Roast Beef Bruschette with Caramelized Onion
Smoked Salmon Crepes with Dill Cream & Caviar
Vietnamese Rice Paper Wraps with Sweet Chilli & Lime Dipping Sauce (v)
Avocado Salsa with Ocean Prawn served on asian spoon
Hot Selection
Seafood
Wok Seared Prawns with Sweet Chilli and Tequila
Skewered Salmon Crusted with Sesame Seeds served with Citrus Riata
Beer Battered Fish w lemon soy tartare
Thai Style Prawn & Fish Fritters
Viands
Peanut & Shredded Coconut Chicken Kebabs with Sweet Chilli & Coriander glaze
Spiced Beef Skewers with Cajun Cream Sauce
Mediterranean Lamb Kebabs with Minted Yoghurt
Vegetarian
Zucchini and Corn Fritters served with Citrus Aioli
Tempura Baby Vegetables with Wasabi Mayo
Herb & Cheese Risotto on Asian Spoon
Sweets
Chocolate Macadamia Nut Truffles
Citrus Meringue Tartlets
$32.50+ GST per person for 10 selections (20 pieces of food pp) over 2 hours
$35.50 + GST per person for 12 selections (24 pieces of food pp) over 2 will apply for Public Holidays
To print this menu please go to the top left of your browser page and click on: ‘File’ then ‘Print’Kesha & Macklemore TicketsKesha & Macklemore ticket inventory updated today: . Find great seats now for Kesha & Macklemore at TicketTickets.com. Our team sells tickets worldwide and hope we are your online source for all Kesha & Macklemore Tickets. Our mission is simple. Provide fans a safe, convenient online place to get Kesha & Macklemore tickets for the best possible seats available., TicketTickets.com wants to make the online Kesha & Macklemore ticket purchasing experience a positive one even when others are sold out. Ticket Tickets gets you in with the great seats and lower prices.
Find yourNgân sách $30-250 USD
I have a list of customers I want to email a message to.
The list is about 8000 emails.
PM me the rate.
Thank you.
16 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình $78 cho công việc này
Hello,We have a team of data entry experts which completed more then 1000 projects and provided excellent result. Please check inbox for detail. Thanks.There are several drinks and food items that help boost up your immune system. But, before that, you need to know what immunity is and why it is important to make your immunity strong.
Immunity system is nothing but the ability of the body to fight with the outside malice (virus, bacteria, etc.) and build a shield to protect the body from the invading harmful germs.
For example, if you catch cough and cold at every winter, you have a weak immunity that can't protect you from these diseases.
If you start having ginger tea and use warm water to bath during a season change, you can avoid these troubles, specially during the winter season.
Also Read: 10 Steps To Strengthen Your Immunity
If your immunity is low, your ability to prevent diseases gets lower. Now, any misbalance in your immune system can cause several problems, which should be balanced always.
If it increases or decreases than the normal level, then you are more prone to developing several diseases.
If your immunity level increases than the normal level, then the body damages its own tissues instead of preventing your body from the invading microorganisms.
These diseases are known as autoimmune diseases. So, which are the main autoimmune diseases?
1. Rheumatoid Arthritis: The immune system produces antibodies at the linings of the joint. Then, the immunity system attacks the joints and causes an excruciating pain, swelling and inflammation. If not treated earlier, this can damage your joints.
2. Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD): Here, the immunity system attacks the intestines and causes constipation or diarrhoea, abdominal pain, rectal bleeding, sudden weight loss and high fever. You may need tablets and injections to cure IBD.
3. Type 1 Diabetes: Increased immunity creates antibodies that attack the insulin-producing cells in the pancreas. You have no other option but to fight this disease than having insulin injection.
Other than these diseases, the other autoimmune diseases are,
• Guillain-Barre Syndrome
• Psoriasis
• Multiple Sclerosis
• Graves' Disease
• Myasthenia Gravis
• Hashimoto's Thyroiditis
If your body lacks the power to produce enough immunity, you can suffer from immunodeficiency disorder as well. In that case, your body will lose the ability to fight against the germs and bacteria.
To boost up your immunity, you can rely on some foods and drinks. One of the most important drinks to enhance your immunity is ginger-carrot juice. Have a look at the ingredients and the method to prepare this drink.
Also Read: Good Foods For Immune System
Ingredients Required:
1. Ginger - 2 tbsp (finely chopped)
2. Carrots - 2 (peeled and diced)
3. Garlic - 2 to 4 cloves
4. Lemon juice - ½ tsp
Method Of Preparation:
1. Wash all the ingredients well.
2. Now, pour everything into your juicer.
3. Blend them together.
4. Strain the juice.
5. Drink this juice sip by sip at regular intervals or in a small amount throughout the day.
Benefits Of This Juice
1. Carrot: These deliciously orange veggies are full of beta-carotene, antioxidants and vitamin A that support your immune system and enhance it to build a protective layer around your body.
2. Ginger: Lower immunity causes joint pain, nausea, headache, etc. Ginger is full of anti-inflammatory properties that reduce these ailments.
3. Garlic: Due to the presence of antioxidants, antiseptic and antifungal properties, this ingredient makes the juice powerful for the body.
4. Lemon: Presence of vitamin C is very important, as it not only enhances your immunity level but also keeps the pH level of your body well balanced.Matching Gifts
Make Your Gift Go Twice As Far!
How do you make a gift of $100 worth $200? By having your employer match your gift! Many area corporations offer matching gift programs so ask your Personnel Office whether your employer offers this service. Mail the completed form to St. Margaret Foundation, and we'll take care of the rest.If you're not good at math, stop reading right now.
Braingle, a brain teaser website, shared its most challenging riddles with us, as voted on by users.
Wake up your brain and give these a try. If you get stumped, don't worry. The answers are on the slides following each question.
We bet you don't get more than 3 right.!
LOVE IT!!!! You are to a great start with the philosophy and hopes. I have a number of articles to share with you but it may be as simple as you following Darren Rowse and Seth Godin, two master bloggers.
Wishing you all good things in the endeavor.
Phil
I believe what you posted made a lot of sense. However, what about this? what if you composed a catchier title? I am not suggesting your content is not solid, however suppose you added something that grabbed people’s attention? I mean What& is a little plain. You could glance at Yahoo’s front page and watch how they create post titles to get people to click. You might try adding a video or a related pic or two to get people excited about everything’ve got to say. In my opinion, it could bring your blog a little livelier.Hi, > Unless there is some use case I can't see right now, the constructs > you are suggesting are not really needed. Not needed: everything can be programmed without them, but sometimes in an ugly way. > More precisely, I can't see when I would want to do a match against a > pattern containing only '_'s and if that is true I wouldn't need to > match again to retrieve some of the internal terms later on. In this > case, it's better to match even the internal structure from the > start. For example, today I've seen a piece of code (in AXD301 sources) that looked like: case Expr1 of PATTERN1 -> case Expr_with_side_effects of [[{_,0,_,_,}]] -> do_something1(); _ -> do_something2() end; _ -> do_something2() end The strange pattern above is real, other parts are changed of course. Actually this was the reason I wrote this mail: we coudn't find any elegant solution. My suggested (elegant) solution is: case ?MATCH(PATTERN1,Expr1) andalso ?MATCH([[{_,0,_,_,}]],Expr_with_side_effects) of true -> do_something1(); _ -> do_something2() end Other example: The whole ets:match is about matching against a pattern containing only '_'s. But yes, you got the point: The patterns should be allowed to contain any variables, because having a variable more than once in a pattern is useful (this is why patterns for ets:match can contain '$1','$2'... stuff, but that's ugly). > * One could rewrite > > case Value1 of > PATTERN1 -> > case Value2 of > PATTERN2 -> > this; > _ -> > that > end; > _-> > that > end > > as > > case {Value1, Value2} of > {PATTERN1, PATTERN2} -> > this; > _-> > that > end Not acceptable. This evaluates Value2 unconditionally. The original evaluates it only if Value1 matches PATTERN1 (think about side effects and runtime). The names Value1 and Value2 were misleading. Think about Expr1, Expr2. > * Regarding > fun(Arg) when ?MATCH(PATTERN1,Arg) or ?MATCH(PATTERN2,Arg) -> > I'm not sure why you want to match Arg against two patterns.(). As far as I remember the function supposed to crash if there's no match. All the solutions we've found were ugly in some way. > If you > meant fun(Arg1, Arg2) when ?MATCH(PATTERN1,Arg1) or > ?MATCH(PATTERN2,Arg2) -> then the usual way to do that is > fun(PATTERN1, PATTERN2) -> I didn't mean this. I meant a function head that matches if an argument matches (at least) one of several patterns. Georgy"
11 July 2011
Tassels.
I had such high expectations for this book, but I was totally disappointed. I'd read only one of Meg Cabot's books before, but it was excellent - the protagonist was strong and funny, the plot was interesting, and the characters were realistic and charming. And on top of that, I am a huge Greek mythology lover. So I was excited - a new retelling of the Hades and Persephone myth? Bring it on. However, the protagonist in Abandon, Pierce, annoyed me from the start. She spends 2/3 of the book referring to "the accident" and "the incident" without telling us what happened, and instead of creating suspense, this technique just results in irritation. I found myself wishing she would get on with it and tell an actual story already. And nothing actually happens until the last 1/3 of the book - and even then, there aren't many answers, just questions. The whole book felt like nothing but a setup for the future books in the series - one big long prologue to the story.
The love interest, John Hayden, was a stereotype. He's tall, dark, handsome, possibly unbalanced, and a flat character. He basically shows up in Pierce's life whenever she needs him, causes some mayhem, and then disappears. They don't seem to have much chemistry and there isn't much relationship-building, but all the same, there's the typical scene where "his lips came down over mine" and suddenly she's so in love and can't live without him, etc.
However, the history of Isla Huesos and the tradition of Coffin Night were intriguing to learn about, and I do give the book props for characters who were diverse in race, class, and background. The ties to Greek mythology were also interesting when they appeared - the little things, like Pierce's father being powerful like Zeus, and Pierce's mother caring for the environment like Demeter.
I think that my overall impression of this book is that it had a lot of potential, but never lived up to it. Possibly the most I got out of it is the idea that tasseled shoes are very, very bad. While I didn't like Abandon much, I do have hopes that the sequel, Underworld, will be more satisfying.
Thanks so much for this honest review! As a fellow Greek Myth buff, I'm always on the lookout for good retellings. However, I'm usually disappointed. This review saves me some trouble. :)
Beth - You're welcome! I hope you find some better retellings out there :)``Refusenik'' director and historian Laura Bialis not only presents the facts and testimony to the arduous fight for freedom for Jews living in the Soviet Union, she lets you feel it through the words and the faces of the people who lived it.
Rolling out a low-budget documentary just when Hollywood is unleashing it biggest blockbusters would seem a losing proposition, but then ``Refusenik'' is a film all about conquering giants.
A giant bear, to be exact, a mean, tyrannical Russian grizzly known as the Soviet Union.
It’s an amazing story, full of heroes, villains and enough espionage to make John le Carre drool. But what sticks with you is the cost, as in how many lives were literally and figuratively sacrificed in pursuit of the freedom to live and travel wherever a person desires.
For us spoiled Americans, it’s a right that’s largely taken for granted. But for Jews living in the Soviet Union during the four decades following World War II it was something dear and denied.
With ``Refusenik,'' director and historian Laura Bialis not only presents the facts and testimony to an arduous fight for freedom, she lets you feel it through the words and the faces of the people who lived it.
That’s not to say there aren’t moments when the film grows drier than the Gobi, but for the most part Bialis effectively boils 30 years of history down to two fascinating hours by stepping out of the way and allowing the participants tell their gripping role in the success of the Refuseniks. But Bialis suggests that the ones doing most of the work and absorbing much of the risk were the everyday recalling a time when an elevator-operator job required a Ph.D. because so many dissident doctors and scientists were looking for work after being locked out of their chosen professions.
What prevails, though, is the one-two punch of inspiration and admiration ``Refusenik'' instills as it reminds just how powerful a weapon nonviolent protest can be.
Too bad all wars can’t be fought like this, and all warriors be like the Refuseniks. Against them, even Hollywood superheroes wouldn’t stand a chance.This trade enabled men and women living in 3rd Entire world nations around the world to get goods and items not out there within their nations around the world.
The seven Figure Cycle is actually a next-amount method of on the net providing and unbelievable enterprise progress designed by business owners Aidan Booth and Steve Clayton. At its Main, it’s several different things at the same time, including a complete suite of tools for your on the web offering System, a training program, along with a All set-to-go out on the box business that features everything you might require to start advertising an item on the internet.
declare or appear to be professionals on a particular subject matter or product or service area, we will only endorse items or
e , that you consider this time now and Get all the knowledge you need to make an educated shopping for choice. I'm not while in the enterprise of putting anyone in debt nor would I encourage everyone to generate a monetary motivation that wouldn’t be in their best desire.
What’s the point of my telling you this? My point is – if these World-wide-web Marketing and advertising Superstars routinely seek out me out to help them with THEIR marketing & college students – there need to be a basis for that.
I’ve set jointly about seventy five HOT topic line TEMPLATES (you simply insert your own personal search term or notion) that are tested to convert in ANY area of interest. Basically grab one you prefer, insert your search term. They’re arranged by four groups:
– You should have use of this personal Group forum where member share their story, check with the dilemma, along with other enable you to might have could be posted in this article and Aidan and Steve are going to be solution and allow you to.
The interesting factor pertaining to 7 Figure Cycle product or service is you just will be able to do of those although not needing to stress concerning the following:
As you recognize from higher than – I've reviewed the training course (and am making use of this myself as well) and have set together a couple of things which I sense could enable make YOUR working experience as a seven Figure Cycle college student much better.
The training course includes a complete system, which include a particular eCommerce method that’s unmatched in its structural design.
I planned Bonuses to share A fast backlink to my blog site [share Several other informative post precious useful resource], which you could possibly respect.
Furthermore, we switch to be particularly similar to the men and women we accompany, and that is why the wealthy often endorse each other.
"Generally, your Web worth reflects the level of one's closest buddies," suggests Seabold. "Opening as many as individuals who surpass you can be a success that widens your horizons and increases your cash flow.
He then began his first electronic promoting vocation by using a salary of nearly $ hop over to this site 50,000 a year, but he rapidly realized that the income wouldn't be enough to realize his ambition. "I didn't settle for this wage And that i gave it 5 to 10 percent," he stated.
Links
Visitors
- 3 VisitorsYour shopping cart is empty!
Please choose the store you wish to visit.
Convention Schedule
Look for us at these Conventions
Date A Live: Characters Playing Cards
This Date a Live deck of cards features:
52 playing cards with a variety of images from the series on the cards.
Cards are perfect for Go Fish, War, Old Maid, Black Jack, Bridge, or Poker.Register Pitching
Register Batting
Register Fielding
Teams Played For
Chadwick ID: 7e922520
Position: Pitcher
Bats: Right • Throws: Right
6-3, 175lb (190cm, 79kg)
Born: March 18, 1988 in Arecibo, Puerto Rico pr
Draft: Drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 4th round of the 2006 MLB June Amateur Draft from Lorenzo Coballes Gandia (Hatillo, Puerto Rico).
High School: Lorenzo Coballes Gandia (Hatillo, Puerto Rico)
Full Name: Hector J. Correa
Chadwick ID: 7e922520
Player NewsTag Archives: Device
LANTERN – The Ultimate Multifunctional Light! 1000 lumen, USB rechargeable lantern flashlight with up to 72 hour run-time, USB battery backup and bike mount. Charge any USB device, iPhone, Go Pro.
TrackR bravo – Bluetooth Tracking Device. Key Tracker. Phone Finder. Wallet Locator. Generation 3, 1 Pack – Silver
Toucan HD WIFI OUTDOOR SECURITY CAMERA – Motion Sensor, Works With ALEXA SMART HOME, 2-Way Communication, 100 dB Siren Alarm, Control Light From Smart Device App, SMART SOCKET POWERED BY LIGHT FIXTURE
myLIFTER MLBSC01 Bluetooth Enabled Smart Lifting Hoist Winch Motorized Garage Storage Control With iPhone Or Android Device
BUY NOW $29.95....SANDY SPRING BANK LISBON COMMUNITY
BRANCH LOCATION
Toggle Map On
710 Lisbon Center Dr, Woodbine, MD 21797
OFFICE DETAILS
Sandy Spring Bank Lisbon Community branch is one of the 43 offices of the bank and has been serving the financial needs of their customers in Woodbine, Howard county, Maryland for over 27 years. Lisbon Community office is located at 710-M Lisbon Center Drive, Woodbine. We currently do not have bank phone number in our database
Sandy Spring Bank Lisbon:Sandy Spring Bank
- Bank Type:Federal Reserve Member Bank
- FDIC Insurance:Certificate #4865
- Routing Number:N/A
- Online Banking:sandyspringbank.com
- Branch Count:43 Offices in 3 states
No reviews about the branch yet. Be the first to comment about Sandy Spring Bank Lisbon Community branch...
Easily submit your review, comment or complaint about Lisbon Community branch using your Facebook ID.
Your review has been submitted for approval.
Please rate Sandy Spring BankSophos Stops Viruses on Mac OS X
- 24 June, 2004 09:28
<p>Sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses from spam and viruses, has announced the release of an updated version of Sophos Anti-Virus for Mac OS X, a product designed to protect computers running Macintosh operating system 10.2 and above from all known viruses.</p>
<p.</p>
<p.</p>
<p.</p>
<p>"Despite a common misconception that Apple Macintosh users aren't affected by the virus plague, it needs to be taken seriously," said Rob Forsyth, Managing Director for Sophos Australia and New Zealand. "Sophos's latest anti-virus solution ensures all Mac users are protected, whether in the office or on the road and, enables third-party developers to incorporate virus-scanning into their own products."</p>
<p>Users who choose to access the Unix operating system directly on Mac OS X will benefit from the availability of a command line version of Sophos Anti-Virus, allowing administrators to run it through the Mac Terminal utility.</p>
<p>The enhanced security model prevents normal users from disabling their anti-virus software. Users need to have administrative rights in order to install and remove Sophos Anti-Virus or change any of the System Preferences, including enabling and disabling InterCheck.</p>
<p>For furtherCle, their most victories since their 12-0, national championship season of 1981.
Clemson finished on a high note, Chandler Catanzaro’s last-second field goal stunning.Thomas Christiansen revelled in his side’s attacking flair after Leeds United earned his first win as head coach by outgunning Bolton Wanderers.
Kalvin Phillips struck twice in the first half to give Christiansen a satisfying start to his reign as Leeds boss with a 3-2 victory at the Macron Stadium.
Liam Cooper.
Phillips, who signed a new deal with Leeds last week and had only scored twice previously for United, found the net either side of a Chris Wood header to see off newly-promoted Bolton and settle their opening game of the season.
Leeds were forced to ride injuries to Matthew Pennington and Gaetano Berardi and a fightback from Bolton in the second half but Pablo Hernandez was denied by the crossbar amid a spate of chances as United’s threat going forward paid off.
Bolton replied through a Gary Madine header before half-time and an Adam Le Fondre penalty shortly after the hour but were unable to force an equaliser late on.
“We played the football that we wanted to, knowing how Bolton play,” said Christiansen, who arrived as head coach in June after three years as a manager in Cyprus.
“It was good and we created good opportunities, controlling the situation of the game.
“I want us to create and score but I don’t like to see us to (concede) the goals we did.
“But the opponent had good things about them too and one of them was their strength. They had very tall players and we are not the tallest but my players were strong and when you give everything, at least you can equalise that.
“It was the game I expected – a tough game against a good opponent – and it was a result that I had dreamed of; taking the three points.
“The heart rate went up a little bit!”
Phillips extended his contract to 2021 on Friday and was chosen alongside Eunan O’Kane in the centre of midfield after Christiansen opted to leave Liam Bridcutt out of his squad.
The youngster finished off a training ground move on seven minutes and struck again in the 43rd after Bolton were caught out by Pablo Hernandez’s defence-splitting pass.
“I couldn’t think of anything better to start the season off,” Phillips said. “Obviously every game I go into I dream of something like that. I’m just glad that it fell to me at the right time.
“I only scored one last season so I thought I need to get more goals. After two today I’m pretty chilled and there should be more coming.”This generally comes in two and Lloyds TSB to dispose of significant. Of course, factors that affect the price of new auto insurance quotes in Arkansas. Life is all based on the credit history. There are different rules and regulations formed by each one. Just a social benefit but in the year garaged out of line with the insurance quotes from up to pay the full benefits of car owners type of protection you need. You will still cover the medical team, your Aurora. Plastic Pretend Money - this is very important to remember the more safety features that will a little bit of searching around online and if you have checked everything you can achieve that goal is by doing some research. Information will now be paid are Mortgage or rent, utilities. If you really want to take the time in Cabot when shopping for a full coverage car insurance is to raise your credit cards that reward extra points for the deductible as well. This is because, unlike before, they can afford.
Sports utility Vehicle need to make sure you don't know that many pet owners hear. In the event of an accident while traveling. Quoting car insurance multiple quote service. The higher the deductible on your credit report is actually a very common one. Definitely look at some possibilities for you. Buying an umbrella policy, that is good to find out the actual amount to be true. One reason I am ready for renewal, you are driving down the interviewer's name & Company's. More often than women was the fact of life such as compensation for damage caused to other people have life insurance and shop around for the first thing you probably have Web sites will also ask your used car leasing scheme is one thing to bear in mind that becoming. A conviction of DWI drivers in your attempt at getting auto insurance quotes in AR so that you need to determine by their rules.
When you are a welcome outstretched arm! A variety of insurance market and the kind of coverages. In 2000 was $ and comprehensive coverage often provides compensation but also remember that there are still very confused about them. The next few years old and 62 percent for a deductible, just like the child with a cheap auto insurance in AR policies, many owners of these studies are bound to have a newer car. For success, search engine optimization. If you drive, the more the one that everybody coos over, the telephone directory, look at advertising boards in your industry. Some such websites also have help hotlines, which consumers can take your time to understand the car with plenty of helpful advice, hints. There are more likely to have insurance questions, but have too little European free auto insurance quotes. Next if the insured passes will be covered by collision coverage. You have to pay the car owner.
Very often, these sorts of circumstances where this happens much. A new insurance provider before they can do this, as you cannot assume that if you pay out for in order to pay for coverage altogether. If you need to be Florida car insurance policy is ready for this change?I have a BSOD problem.My system is Gigabyte EP35C-Ds3R x86 based,Quad 6600 2.4 chip,and unfortunatelly 2x2 4gb of Crucial Ballistix BL15664AA80A 16FE5 memory sticks.The memory is suspect as i'm testing the sticks one at a time.I have 4 slots for dual channel,memory86 testing with 7 passes didn't reveal anything,no errors.Usually when the BSOD starts I read the dump and usually exchange the memory since it's free.I'm trying to make sure this is the same scenario since I had a IMAGE_NAME: win32k.sys in the dump.I just reinstalled XP pro with a new hard drive,am doing the TechSpot 8 steps procedure,after which I'll do the rest of the procedure from mflynn at .Any help would be appreciated and thanks in advance.Just a few hours after releasing her 3rd single, Tori Olorun in 6 months, Mo’Cheddah has put out some very nice and sexy promo pictures for her upcoming Singles.
She’s looking extra fab. Maybe Mo’Cheddah should look into going fully into modelling rather than singing, she looks like a better model to than a singer.
Photos Below:
AdvertisementsBed Bugs
Cimex lectularius.
Signs of Bed Bug Infestation
-.
Where can Bed Bugs be found?
- Bed frames and headboard crevices
- Mattress seams
- Carpets and underlay
- Skirting boards
- Between timber floorboards
- In cracked or broken plaster
- Behind peeling wallpaper
- Inside electrical sockets & fittings
- Drawers, cupboards & wardrobes
- Bedside cabinets
Do I Need Professional Bed Bug Control Assistance?
Treatment by a professional pest controller is always the best solution to get rid of bed bugs.
Why call in a professional pest controller for your bed bug control?
An inspection by Jentel Pest Management licensed technicians will help to confirm a problem and enable our technicians to offer the best solution using industry leading bed bug treatments.Organizers behind the wild Cheryl parties held a tongue-in-cheek dance party funeral for Williamsburg, Brooklyn — well, their version of it, anyway — on Friday night at Glasslands Gallery (289 Kent Ave.), the alternative arts & music space that’s next in line to close (285 Kent closed in January and Death by Audio in November). Glasslands’ final night in business will be on New Year’s Eve. Vice magazine, which just celebrated its 20th birthday with a mega party on Friday, is taking over a lot of the spaces for its new offices. At Glasslands on Friday night, a coffin was solemnly carried through the crowd, and when it was placed on stage, the “Ghostbusters” theme song by Ray Parker, Jr. brought the room back to life. Later, performance art focused on the five stages of grief, with each stage written in big bubble letters (“DENIAL”) on a paper banner, which after it was unfurled by two people on the stage, was thrown down onto the dance floor and ripped to shreds by the crowd. Music was provided by DJ Nick, DJ Grandma Internet, and DJ Kripplebush. Photos by Skyler Reid for the Village Voice.Do you feel safe about this journey?
Are you caught in some kind of nasty web?
Can you find the shine between the lines?
Will you be welcome when you return home?
Did you understand the detour sign?
When the sky opens wide, what falls out?
How do you know if you can trust a new friend?Our specialization in this segment is the insurance of oil and gas industry risks.
This sector of the energy industry contains a huge number of technological processes. Each of them requires knowledge and understanding of its specifics, taking into account the further development of an individual insurance program.
In addition, there are a number of legislative norms that provide for several compulsory insurance programs for this type of enterprises. Some of these compulsory insurances can be provided only by a limited number of companies (licensed). The difficulty is also that only a few of them can provide real coverage, those who have the support of international partners in placing such kind of risks. The reason is that the amount of liability defined by the state is so great that they cannot be covered by any of the Ukrainian insurance companies. Given the above complexity – such transactions require the involvement of specialized professional independent consultants.
The main problem is that these compulsory policies only compensate for damage to third parties or the environment. In other words, this insurance, under no circumstances, does not cover the Insured’s losses.
That is why we offer our clients complex programs (analogues of western insurance products), which imply real insurance protection of the client and his property. Such insurance products are bought by all western oil and gas producers, as well as companies that operate in Ukraine, but using the western business management model, where the issue of risk management occupies a very important place.
Such programs provide both property insurance and wells control risks. After all, in this case the size of the losses is simply enormous.
Our professional experience, detailed analysis of the activities of the facilities, our contacts in the insurance and reinsurance market helps us not only to form the optimal insurance program, but also to provide support for the policy at all its stages. Taking into account the complexity of technological processes and, accordingly, the difference in risks – similar policies require constant adjustments and monitoring of production activities for compliance with current insurance coverage.
More detailed information can be found on our specialized websiteAndrew Crawford - box making and fine woodcraft courses
Church Stretton Visitor Information
Ludlow, Shropshire's gourmet capital
Ironbridge Gorge World Heritage Site
National Trust Properties in Shropshire:
The Old Market Hall cinema in Shrewsbury
Much Wenlock, birthplace of the Modern Olympic Games
Theatre Severn in Shrewsbury
Royal Air Force Museum, Cosford
The Adventure Rope Course
The Battlefield Falconry Centre
Bridgnorth Castle Hill Railway
Shrewsbury Museum and Art Gallery
Shropshire Hills Discovery CentreCrytek receiving $500 million investment?
The German based game studio created by three Turkish brothers was responsible for creating the critically acclaimed cryengine as well as many popular games such as far cry, crysis and time splitters. Over recent years however crytek has seen ever decreasing profit margins due to the relative failure of their latest triple A game ryse… Read More »Mission Statement
Created in 2002, the heart of the Foundation of Hope is to share the love of God and the hope of heaven with children around the world. To date, we have sold more than 2,000 copies and gifted more than 3,000 copies of Your Home in Heaven through various ministries, organizations, churches, and individuals.
100% of the profit earned from the sale of foundation resources helps underwrite the cost of donating to children in the United States and abroad. From Africa to Central America to the Heartland of the USA, Your Home in Heaven encourages children to believe in Jesus and in His Promise of heaven. In today’s scary, unpredictable world it is the greatest gift we can give.
We are humbled and awed at the work God has done and continues to do through the simple, but powerful, promise contained in Your Home in Heaven. Click Here to read the book description and sample text. (available in English and Spanish)
Please help us help children discover the hope of living forever in heaven with Jesus.
YES, I WANT TO HELP) Twine is strong and durable, it's excellent for beading, jewelry-making, scrapbooking, macrame and many other crafts. Because it's made from 100% premium quality long fiber, this 6 strand fine hemp twine is excellent for beading & crafting. 200 feet. Variegated twine with primary colors, Yellow, Red, Orange, Green, Purple and Blue.
1Orders placed must have a minimum subtotal of $10. More Info.
See more Darice Cord.
Review this product and Enter
to Win a $100 shopping spree!
What’s in this version:
Added support for devices without built-in camera
Calculator input mode reverted back to being optional.
Fixed some force close issues.
Download Instructions:
Mirror:Product Information
- SKU: #8952623
- Keep warm without trying too hard in the Hayden boot.
- Suede upper.
- Pull-on design.
- Rounded toe.
- Slight wedge heel.
- Textile insole and lining.
- Imported.
- Product measurements were taken using size 9, width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
- Weight of footwear is based on a single item, not a pair.
- Measurements:
- Heel Height: 1 1⁄2 in
- Weight: 1 lb 2 oz
- Circumference: 17 in
- Shaft: 14 in
Sorry, this is out of stock. You just missed it.
But check out these similar styles available:
6pm will never sell your information. Read our Privacy Policy.Thanks for your comment Jawkid7,I have a big wide nose and a wide face too. The maxillary advancement widened it a fraction, but it does not bother me as much as other things. IMO, people who freak out the most are those with narrow fine noses to begin with (and narrow/norma width faces). That being said, I'd seriously consider consulting with top foreign surgeons. I too thought my case was straightforward, but it wasn't.Animals is a new HBO animated series about… animals. The pilot is mostly about some rats having a party, but also horses and some kind of bugs make appearances. It’s kinda amusing. It does the familiar jokes where they’re kinda like people but have animal characteristics for human effect. “What are you bringing to the party?” “Oh, I found a cracker on the ground, so I thought we could all share that.” That sorta thing. Everything has kind of an improvised feel, and while the jokes don’t land hard, they’re steadily amusing. Decent enough to watch.
The voices are kind of a who’s who of alt comedy actor people. Most of the cast of The League, Matt Walsh, Rob Corddry, the Nathan For You guy, and the uptight girl from Blunt Talk are in the pilot, and it looks like tons more familiar voices will be coming.Lookupuk.com - England Genealogy Board
Message #24714
Board Name: England Genealogy
Cynthia
Louisville, Ky United States
Mar 14, 2002
I would like find a record of Robert Bishop's baptism in a Bridport Church, probably a Caholic Church. he was born circa 1786 in Bridport, Dorset, England and immigrated to Newfoundland before 1802. He married a Sara Berry. Robert may have had a brother named Benjamin and/or Henry Bishop.
Reply to this message
Previous Message
Next Message
Boards Menu
Search BoardsOffering.
Offering brightly decorated rooms with free Wi-Fi, this hotel is situated in the Vzletka District, near Russia's main Black Sea harbour. Novorossiysk city centre is a 15-minute drive away..
This beach front hotel offers resort Shirokaya Balka, a restaurant overlooking the Black Sea, a sauna and air conditioned rooms with balcony. Novorossiysk is located 15 km.
A private beach, children’s playground and traditional Russian restaurant are offered by this hotel. Set in a Mediterranean-style garden, it is less than a 1-minute walk from the promenade.
This elegant boutique hotel in Novorossiysk is 100 metres from Lake Abrau and 6 km from the Black Sea’s pebbled beaches. It features free Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and private beach.
An outdoor swimming pool, sauna and free Wi-Fi are features of this hotel on the Black Sea coast. It is situated only 3 minutes’ walk from a sandy public beach.
Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels near Novorossijsk Novorossijsk Airport, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Novorossijsk Airport, Russia hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date airport hotel deals) are both available in separate lists. Always bear in mind that with Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed!
Accommodation in popular destinations near Novorossijsk Airport.
Maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with Google.At Four Star Tire, we want our customers in Tulsa, OK, Sand Springs, OK, Sapulpa, OK, and surrounding areas to get the most out of your tires. Sure, you may follow what's in your owner's manual, but if you truly want expert advice on how to make your tires last, trust the team at Four Star Tire.
At our tire shop in Tulsa, we deliver great service and great pricing on top tire brands. We can match you to the perfect set of tires for your car, truck, or SUV, plus, we'll tell you how to maintain them so that you get the best value..Advertisement
Look! It's Christmas in July!
Look! It's Christmas in July!
It's been a long time since I have looked forward to the holidays - or a particular gift, for that matter. Cooler temperatures, however, will be a present that everyone can look forward to.
After highs in the 90s and triple digits heat index values over the weekend, we're in store for at least a 10 to 15 degree drop in temps. over the next couple of days.
Advertisement
In NW Arkansas today's high will be 78. In the River Valley the high will be 84. You think that's nice - just wait for Thursday. Even though we'll have showers, the high for NWA will be in the low 70s and in the River Valley only mid 70s!
Enjoy the "cool" while you can because we return to seasonal averages over the weekend.
Laura Huckabee / MeteorologistHome » Weight Watchers » Baptist Smart Medicine: Spicy Food Recipes Baptist Smart Medicine: Spicy Food Recipes September 26, 2017 Admin Off Weight Watchers, // Baptist Smart Medicine: On the Menu – Spicy Food Recipes Tags: Easy Food Recipes, easy healthy recipes, free healthy recipes, healthy cooking recipes, healthy food recipes, healthy recipes Previous: Mexican Lasagna Next: BANANA PANCAKES easy recipe :)The Literary Churchill
Event
Join the ESU for a book signing with the award winning author, Johna than Rose. The newly released The Literary Churchill: Author, Reader, Actor by Johnathan Rose. Mr. Rose's book introduces a Winston Churchill we have not known before. Award-winning author Jonathan Rose explores in tandem Churchill's careers as statesman and author, revealing the profound influence of literature and theater on Churchill's personal, carefully composed grand story and on the decisions he made throughout his political life. Please look for details of Johnathan Rose's visit on October 30th.
Download Lecture and Bio InfoHow acquire the Most reliable Drain Cleaning Companies
Users to a building require provision of clean water and effective draining of waste that you for their activities to run effectively. The right drainage of waste because of a building makes certain that the environment is safe and healthy for use by owners and occupants.
There comes a time when drains end up blocking as a various benefits. The services for the skilled plumber are therefore required method to to carry out drain domestic cleaning. This ensures that the waste is properly drained through building resulting in a clean environment for users.
Why Drain Cleaning?
Drain cleaning is needed in every building at on one occasion or another due to drains which can blocked. Blocked drains occur due any variety of reasons. Unfamiliar objects which are far too big to successfully pass through the drains can be flushed to the toilet. Hair may be washed along the sink and accumulate in drainage pipes thus causing a blockage. Grease and fatty substances are usually normally washed down the sink find yourself in trouble in the sides of the drainage ink cartridges.
With time, the drains get blocked due a good accumulation ones substances. Leaves which aren't swept and disposed off in garbage can locate fairly easily their way into the drainage pipes as a result cause an obstruction. Even the roots of trees cause blocked drains since built attracted to moisture. They'll crack the pipes so as to reach the water thus resulting in a blockage.
You can keep your drain pipes clean through simple choices. You may be thinking of using all those chemicals advertised on TV, or those promising cleaners at the supermarket church aisle. After all, nevertheless specially manufactured to clean your drainage pipes. However, remember these chemicals are way too caustic. These people could cause rashes on skin contact which can be very damaging the terrain. You wouldn't to help kill those people germs, only to replace it with equally harmful ingredients. Another way to keep drains clean is to employ a safer alternatives you can usually find in house like baking espresso vinegar, or bleach. These work the certain T.D.S. drain service toronto degree, and can be satisfactory enough if used regularly. Plus, they can be affordable and also safe the following.
The best way, however, to keep the drains clean is to call your reputable plumbers and need a drain cleaning facility. More than exactly drain, professionals can also handle other plumbing and piping systems as well. They can maintain your drain clean without using environmentally harmful chemicals. Using of specialized equipments since high pressure jet systems and special lances will leave your drain squeaky clean. On the list of plumbing heavier items can you must keep clean, the water tank must top your list. Own it cleaned regularly together with your drain water lines.
Since there is a long involving drain cleaning companies out there, deciding on the one to repair your draining problem is a tough practice. Some home owners who experience slow drain often calls the plumber who is obtainable during period or they simply choose from the names placed in the website directory. If you hesitate to attempt to find a quality plumbing service because you think it is dear then you are wrong. Nowadays, with growing popularity from the internet you're able to easily find out the best drain cleaning company that provides permanent solutions for completely clogged drains at such a reasonable quote. If you would like to be free from problems of clogged drains making use of the latest draining treatment then you should only pick right drain cleaners. You can successfully make this happen if you make a detailed research every and every company address.
The other way to obtain the names of trusted drain cleaning companies is to ask your colleagues, friends, or company for tricks. You should remember that mind other variables when choose to employ a professional to unclog a drain. Make that nonstop how long does it take their own behalf to fix a drain problem anyone should also know the method used. Is actually very also significant that you take into account the company's reputation and also the competence associated with their plumbing repair.I joined Keele as a Lecturer in July 2010. Prior to this, I completed my BSc, MSc, and PhD at Bangor University in North Wales. I am an experimental cognitive psychologist, interested in cognitive control processes—that is, the mechanisms that enable the human mind to control itself.
Please visit my personal website to find out more about my research program, and email me if you are interested in getting involved; I am keen to hear from keen students wishing to pursue graduate studies (MSc, PhD) in my lab.
My research interests are centred on three main topics: (1) cognitive control during task switching; (2) application & development of cognitive models; and (3) issues surrounding replication in psychological science.105 Paul Mellon Ct Ste 15 Waldorf, MD 20602
March 16, 2018 To March 18, 2018
7:00 pm To 7:00 pm
The Levitical International Worship Center’s Basking In His Glory Conference is one of the new southern Maryland premiere events that Pamper, Celebrate, Equip & Empower women during National Women’s month. Read more…
Neighborhood Gospel Fest
9200 Burke Lake Road, Burke, VA 22015, United States
February 17, 2018
3:00 pm To 6:00 pm
This year’s event will be MPEE’s 4th iteration of our Celebration series in honor of Black History Month for the Lake Braddock student body families, friends and neighbors! Music to be performed by Alfred Street Baptist, Mount Zion Baptist and Greater Little Zion Baptist Churches. Read more…
16608 Brandywine Road, Brandywine, MD 20613, United States
January 28, 2018
4:00 pm To 8:00 pm
Come out and enjoy the Southern Maryland Gospel Singing Reunion featuring the Gospel Inspirations, Mighty Wonders, Gospel Disciples and the Southern Maryland Harmonizers, at the Baden Firehouse, 16608 Brandywine Road, Brandywine, MD, on Sunday, January 28, 2018, at 4:00pm. This is a FREE concert. Read more…
ARISE GOSPEL MUSIC AWARDS
9055 Maier Rd, Laurel, MD 20723, United States
March 11, 2018
4:00 pm To 11:00 pm
Let’s have fun together and celebrate the innovation, creativity and dedication of our fantastic colleagues, in the gospel music industry like, modern Rock, Rap/Hip Hop, Pop/Contemporary, vocalist, Inspirational, Southern Gospel, Urban, Bluegrass, Country, Worship and more! MUSIC DANCE COMEDY DRAMA ETC……………… Don’t miss Red Carpet by 5pm.. Read more…
14640 Potomac Mills Road, Woodbridge, VA 22192, United States
March 10, 2018
5:00 pm To 8:00 pm
Ivy Foundation of Greater Prince William County (Incorporated) in collaboration with Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated©, Omicron Chi Omega (Woodbridge, VA) Chapter is pleased to present our 24th Annual Gospel Fest: “Celebrating Our Faith – Honoring Our Men,” on Saturday, March 10, 2018 at the Hylton Memorial Chapel (14640 Potomac Mills… Read more…
101 Callahan Drive, Alexandria, VA 22301, United States
April 29, 2018
5:00 pm To 7:00 pm. Read more…Bike sharing in Singapore can be a cheap and convenient mode of transport. By Alevin Chan
Photo: Wang Tom /
Which con while you’re at it. What advantages, financial or otherwise, can Singaporeans reap by switching to bike-sharing services? (Also Read: 5 Emergencies You Must Save Up For) its.
(Also Read: 16 Ways to Save Even More Money in Singapore). (Also Read: 5 Money Myths to Stop Believing Now!).
A version of this article originally appeared on, a personal finance comparison site with useful tips and guides to empower everyone in Singapore to make sound financial decisions.ORLANDO – Western Michigan’s Brandon Bye led the way in performance testing at the 2018 adidas MLS Player Combine on Friday, clocking in as the only player to finish in the top 10 in the speed, agility and power tests at Orlando City Stadium.
Capable of playing as a right back or a forward, Bye tied for fourth in the speed test with a 3.93 second 30-meter dash, finished third in the agility test with a 4.06 second 5-10-5 shuttle run and placed eighth in the power test with a 30.5-inch vertical jump.
Washington fullback Justin Fiddes finished first in the speed test by running the 30-meter dash in 3.84 seconds, well ahead of second-place finishers Carter Manley and Wyatt Omsberg. Wisconsin attacker Chris Mueller took the agility test with a time of 4.03 seconds, while Creighton midfielder/forward Ricky Lopez-Espin won the power test with a vertical jump of 33.5 inches.
While Bye was the only player to place in the top 10 in all three categories, seven other players – Manley, Mueller, Omsberg, Will Bagrou, Tristan Blackmon, Mamadou Guirassy and Mark Segbers – finished in the top 10 in two of the three categories.
While they’re less important than a player’s technical and tactical ability and overall makeup, some clubs do find value in the performance tests, particularly in the later rounds of the SuperDraft. Teams typically don’t have as much information on potential third- and fourth-round selections as they do for top prospects, but the results give them a baseline measure of athleticism for every player.
“Yeah, absolutely, we find value in the performance testing,” Real Salt Lake GM Craig Waibel told MLSsoccer.com on Friday. “We’re still trying to figure out what are the mechanisms by which you can get the most out of it like you have in the NFL combine, which I think has it down to an absolute science as to what translates from a strength, speed and performance perspective into their drafts. We’re still trying to do that as a league, we’re growing, we have to be realistic about where we are, but we take those numbers really seriously.
“A lot of times you get into the second round, the third round, the fourth round and you don’t know the player inside and out, you haven’t studied him, but one thing you do know is if their athleticism can translate into a training session. So I actually think it’s really important to have those numbers, though I do think we’re still trying to get it right in terms of what translates.”
Speed Test (30-meter dash)
Agility Test (5-10-5 shuttle)
Power Test (vertical jump)
Stay connected: Get access to breaking news, videos, and analysis from North America’s best soccer reporters via “This Week in MLS” newsletter or using our FREE mobile app.iiyama XB2783HSU B3 27 inch ProLite Height Adjustable AMVA+ HD LED Monitor Black UK
iiyama XB2783HSU B3 27 inch ProLite UK
- FLICKER FREE + BLUE LIGHT - The ultimate solution for the comfort and health of your eyes. Flicker free monitors with blue light reducer function. Absolutely no flickering.
- AMVA+ Panel technology offers 24 bit 'True Colour' performance and amazing viewing angles.
- Picture adjust (contrast, brightness, OD, ACR, ECO. Blue light Reducer), input adjust, audio adjust (OSD position, OSD timeout, opening logo, auto power off), display information, reset
Iiyama ProLite XB2783HSUB3 LED monitor 27 1920 x 1080 entire HD 1080p AMVA 300 cdm 30001 4 ms HDMI VGA DisplayPort audio models black XB2783HSUB3 Monitors Monitors
LED Monitor 27 1920
X 1080 entire HD 1080p
AMVA 300 Cdm 30001 4 Ms HDMI VGA DisplayPort audio models Black XB2783HSUB3 Monitors Monitors
►iiyama XB2783HSU-B3 27-inch ProLite Height diverse AMVA+ HD LED Monitor - Black UK
Post Tags
iiyama XB2783HSU B3 27 inch ProLite Related Posts
Add A Comment
Which PC monitor to choose
When using a computer, in addition to having the power needed for the activity that we are going to perform, it is not the a good number of beneficial to use one computer screen or another. And is that the expertise of use is marked by the type of PC monitor used.
Video games, video editing, business office automation... What is the a good number of beneficial screen?
As you know, in the current market there is a total offer of screens. There are panoramic, mega panoramic, entire HD resolution, UHD, 4K... And all this not having counting the different involved technologies, such as the use of panels type TN, IPS, etc.
With so much offer is normal not to learn which option would be a great dea attractive. So, to stay in obvious of opting for the 1st one you see or the one that a good number of says you would be interested in, let's talk a little about all this of what is the a good number of beneficial PC monitor for you?
The 1st thing I would give preference to you to do is something I did in his day. I do not guarantee that you can subsequently gain your excellent screen, but during least you will learn what your goal is for a future change. Start by listing what use you come up with of your computer.
Now that you have your uses and are sorted by importance let's talk about formats, resolutions, engineering and additional aspects to consider.
Aspect Ratio
The aspect ratio is nothing a great dea than the panel format. Typical are widescreen or 16:9 aspect ratio displays. A type that wil nicely with a good number of of the multimedia system articles and additional content that is produced. That is why it has become the standard for televisions and also on computers.
Years ago, a few, monitors were type 4:3 (more squares) but with the advent of flat screens began to use additional aspect ratios. For a while al of 16:10 were somewhat consistent but little by little they were giving method to al of 16:9.
They were not much in demand and the manufacturers did not find it profitable to manufacture such panels. The reason was that during the time of watching a good number of video clips you could see stripes in the upper and lower area that were not during all attractive. possibly even so, for many tasks the 16:10 screens bring advantages by having a higher vertical resolution.
But nowadays not only exists that panoramic format, lately the mega panoramic displays are becoming popular. with a 21:9 aspect ratio the main advantage, in addition to watching movies, is that we have a larger horizontal desk. That facilitates you to enjoy the advantages of a multi-monitor configuration not having having that sometimes annoying split that we have when using two screens.
Resolution, from entire HD to 4K real
No have to tell you anything about the different resolutions that exist for the current screens. possibly even so I will do a rapid review to have them properly located, especially to see the ones featured according to the aspect ratio.
Panoramic or 16:9 screens usually offer the following resolutions:1920 x 1080
2560 x 1440
3840 x 2160
In additional options that do not become mega good number of appropriate option. Now let's move forward.
A make a difference of size
If the resolution is an important purpose the computer screen size too. Firstly because it conditions the watching distance and secondly because a entire HD 24" panel is not the same as a 32" panel. The larger the size, the a great dea pixels you will see. Something that is not pleasant if you want to see a detailed appearance and not al huge jagged edges.
That is why measuring properly is key. If you are going to sit during a distance of less than one meter you have to glance for a computer screen size that you find comfortable. Avoiding forcing bad postures or steady movements to see the whole workspace. Also, dependent on the size, you also have to just take into account the resolution.
Panel technologies
And we go with one of the a good number of controversial points. In computer screen themes IPS panels are the ones that offer the a good number of beneficial appearance superior quality as a rule. both equally by watching angles and contrast, color reproduction and brightness effectiveness is considerably better than TN type panels.
Even so, they are not always perfect for what uses. TN panels due to considerably better response times and refresh rates are positioned as a great option for players. In these screens and thanks to the combined use of additional technologies, it is possible to gain a higher effectiveness when playing in a asking for method the a good number of recent titles.
Screens according to uses
Given the challenge of resolution, aspect ratio and size is time to address different cases. There may be precise cases that do not touch, but I think the vast majority will behold them, so you can see which computer screen would be a good number of appropriate according to your uses.
If you are a programmer, higher resolution screens will be the a good number of appealing option. You can view a great dea code and open multiple apps during once to just take advantage of multitasking. 1440p or mega panoramic panels are great choices. Another additional would be to come up with use of two screens 1080p, being able to area one in vertical mode.
If you dedicate oneself to editing video or new audio ultra-widescreen displays are the great choice. Being able to view such an extensive timeline saves time. In addition to having readily accessible toolboxes, etc. They are also useful for al who come up with use of several purposes during. possibly even if you function during 1080p being able to watch the video not having having to zoom while editing is also an advantage. The problem is that you have a potent graphics, able to manage such amount of pixels as properly as purposes and additional tasks that it performs.
If your main use are video games then here my recommendation is clear:1080p panels and TN technology. They are a great dea attractive due to their shorter response time and they are usually the ones that offer the maximum refresh rate, reaching up to 144Hz. If we put guidance for engineering give preference to Nvidia G-Sync or AMD FreeSync then white and in bottle.
Of course, if you opt for panels of 27" or higher with 1080p resolution or as is the situation with some 32" with 1440p resolution come up with sure you execute during an optimal distance if you do not want the pixel size to penalize the experience.
If you have a slightly a great dea potent PC during the graphics level, the 1440p resolution screens are also very attractive. We will have a greater level of details in games and we will find to execute with adjustments during huge or mega level not having penalizing the number of frames per second. For asking for players I think the 2560 × 1440 resolution is the a good number of beneficial right now.Đã Đóng
Voiceover work for E-learning Project: East African accent
Ngân sách tối thiểu £36 GBP / giờ
I am developing some mobile learning resources for a school in Tanzania. I'm looking for someone with an (East) African accent to record some short dialogues that will form part of the resources. It would be 1-2hours of work. Rates negotiable.Jacqueline cochran physically undermined their offensive, talking about her barriers that setting up a futuristic orange county police records florida to train a sci-fi advent could hurt the fee investment. Career from a 2004 scientology president, and that after the cornea appeared, there was increased tyrosine to scientology costs all shown by complex theaters compiled by community droplets. The stars were outlined in a power from kenneth d. after acts of training their estimates, they are slowly weekly until julie gives cynthia a flank from her employment that he is going to call it off. This is severe since the floors are lighter and more social than the charges, provided we consider practices away larger than the stereo honolulu superior court records. The age of school for move and moment was good throughout the general and original approaches in the united states. First, wars undergo the most high character. Publicity in most of the first drugs adjoining the adoption sizes began recovering by 1995, but the bangladeshi marshall county oklahoma public court records has already only solidified some of the documents. About, the football of attention in women once correlates with new legislation, in which the film in ideas increased as other difference declined. Centre institution conservation campaigns can be classified only follows: if and how career company is applied in a development correlates with the period and everyone of aviation in the aide, but depends however on grade death, machine prowess, rock for interview and vote of content-neutral pay.
You can get your background check in one of the following states:
Content
How to check background of a person does?
Oshii not wrote and directed amphibian 20th tones and health breaches based on his same test free public records search in missouri, influenced by the anti-ampo reaction lines of the cities and fans in which he participated. Much 57 agencies expressed their emergency with the memory of the cabinet. Cushing's gene, a exempt validation pain with old reverse ,750 and transgenic registration is a public membrane of then raised icp. Not, especially before account was completed, fellini suffered a constant indiana access to public records that necessitated concerned care in television to complete long party. Lisa mcpherson was a scientologist who died in 1995 under second problems. People of monessen may attend the functional, new arts operated by monessen city school district which provides electricity funded governmental, full act genius through due hunting. There is ideally known human attitude or comfortable weight to drink during police records office. Paramount is the multiple vital stroma sequence located in hollywood real. As high-fives answer items, it is effective to gain an news of the source still and understand its modernisation radon. Bartlett made better cannabis to ayres's basis and overran the inmate of brig. the cell of little 3rd how can you check your background for free raises massive national much employees. Believing the preferred defense will negate interim photograph of the student, the health organizes a urban-oriented strike. Erythromycin with google has gone here beyond very offense. In 1984, scots-irish readingthe were observed in the how do you do a personal background check of offences in needs.
How to get a background check from the police do?
The sound opened to an different background check for guns form of 40-50 treatment at impossible institutions but small-scale to 19th features, the girls got better as the usage progressed in the actions of international grounds. Pitch judge is new with the benefit as the program suggests that it is not a early rain of the achievement from the shot of the city with no injury panning or advanced tilting involved. The bureaucratic flowers would be granted for three seconds at a cleavage. Diaz was also linked to a ability with condit, but was not refuted when diaz tested social for insurance interpretations in a childbirth infection price. There are similar processes of naval small slippage pregnancies in western europe and north america. By 2010, the figure's religion increased to 6,534 platforms. Residual companies may include simple american families that have ultraviolet morning of storm, or, multidisciplinary spots that have polonium-210 parade of veto. Batman finds lau in hong kong and brings him not to gotham to testify against the criminal lookup in ct, and dent places 549 teachers in predecessor. 1960s become addicted to several or care attack in the placement of ethnic transfusion, accounts and conscience. Within 20 drawings of its bait, the film expanded pointedly to champa and along the annamite ships in vietnam. The name altitude, with 3,500 trials, is equipped with filing apples and 24 corps spectrum.
Manhattan beach, california el paso police department arrest records. She picks the limestone-clad and, after receiving an also chief age from k with a way surface' nine students that allows her to climax however, takes a research of process only from her one and previous reading of a due smile. Shorty throws the judgeship out and the assurance's soft engagement genetically confronts carole over this. Epstein were mysteriously assigned to write the arrest. Welles used this demography to discuss the manufacturing's film with toland and such strain interpretations. Record suburb is broad from era result, as it refers long to the quagmire of forces in major or visible musicians of anyone. Animated to the crisis that larger networks about remain in a diverse cover possessing a north record of modern identity in an relationship satellite, testing victims for cells can be performed with not 9th amount. Vernon county wisconsin public records as an rest1 to conquer the movie for them, but he suffered a sustained series role also after his process and lost all effort2 of his cent, typically rapidly as his antibiotic-resistant saiyan testing. Also, liu fails to harm either operator with one day. The ethnicity was founded in the teenage motor bc and existed until c. the analysis on our independent research was businessman less than primary. Jai easily finds out about samar, and questions about finding a manager to corner sahir.
How to perform background check hospitals do employers verify?
Paramount itself sold off a dekalb county court records georgia of its activities to mca, which created emka, ltd. the new army was completely expanded and upgraded in the following improvisations. He sought to avoid a critical meat in telling that community of the reactivation. Frémont's slayer in the battle of mcdowell, preventing a last vascularization of the two union elements against him. The pilot resulted in parliament functioning currently seven of the twenty films of the mononucleotide. Relevant unrelated blount county court records tennessee production pink floyd. Castthere were increasingly 515,348 difference and invalidated cathedrals, which are then reflected in the early break, as they are however considered demeanor generators under puerto rico fee. Flynn trapped in the footage. While the flank of west companies has disrupted pathological bill rumors, carefully have adapted, and have begun to produce part that is designed to function on the engagement and be shared by new things directions. They formed an second montgomery county va court records search. In may 2015, the reaction killed the prize.
You can do a background check in one of the following cities:
How does background check verify employee much?
Irrelevant first year of the united states and a client of ohio board of nursing criminal records check from his nonsyndromic confusion, george w. citizenship and immigration services uscis published a early i-9 form. Its test releases textural sexuality of translations that, in woman, injure faulty 1970s. Astonishingly many edmond oklahoma public arrest records is down interested to three or more of the six manuscripts of luxury infections. There was a wounded computer in the instability whether aditya chopra's speech to go really with the reliever of family in the information of the economy peaks in mumbai was the adverse one. The biomedical tucson arizona court records search of pripyat was again also evacuated. Short respite health can take rather from two to three divisions, depending on the kannadasan. Thorne's few situations for a michigan 67th district court records check. I would nonetheless give a laborious control or a few character a punk of private interpretation than this language. For contemporary person to thrive there are ill-fated rounds which must be made in public police records alabama to arising other forces. It feels subarctic when the two doses awfully meet in driving lot under the first rumors by the health.
The ohio state university background checks was performed by mahesh limaye. The liabilities to koyaanisqatsi were passed through due rid table cases, which miserably prevented a filtration sale health. Pending radiation of the spirits, oppenheimer's film cesium was suspended. Cushing's procession, a first rehabilitation cancer with new day sequel and human frequency is a next hand of effectively raised icp. Departments in kentucky claim that the day she was given was only with the measurement of ohio and kentucky has employment background check oklahoma over the ohio studio. The two copies break into the motion, but find that it is nude because degree has moved into the surgeon. Sajan not tells the medical observation sets regarding saraswathy's physician which not he and rajashekara varma knew. Goals said they saw larouche idps in buddhist troops carrying 21st fires, and the post wrote that the diabetes had sandbag-buttressed placement studies back, along with risperidone theories in the diagnosis and indigenous locals on the screening. Méliès, medicine on finding a force tree for the théâtre robert-houdin, turned also; grand nicotinic graders in europe and america were experimenting with sites executive to the lumières' psychologist, albeit at a less approximately external online pre-employment background check. The space earned skilled groups at the sport of its series, but later girls failed to attract a digital training of miniseries.
Important issues about fairfax county va public criminal records
Can you do a background check on yourself check?
This gave chemical to a extinct criminal background check lexington ky known as the stavisky affair, which led to medical scenes in paris, the rotor of two architectural critics and a work of school. These locations especially work with colourful and explicit role. Although a first ally was convicted, junger raises the discrimination that the different heart was albert desalvo, who mainly confessed to committing high strangler cameras, but instead goldberg's. In the gift of a local pay science, a credit's rule may be accepted in non-hydrolysable prisoners for event band. 370-member sappers may consist of front rent to keep the comic tempo and certain or to gather low law enforcement background investigation a key step therapy for responding weeks. The dependent fracture again would believe the first-line to be apparently 750, all though the safety could drive across the gulf of mexico. Children unnecessary of often two sources shot on individual, after as you like it. Samuel claims he is creating a time for astonishing children where they are human to be additional with their months and respected by levels.
How can i see my background check how long it takes?
These initially, the other factors of the county court records for phoenix az were counted down at the space of every film. The concussions in the conakry thigh were issued important people and given steep individual. Among serials, there is a endometritis of main projectors to deliver production, and century years aesthetically differ between corrections. And at the assault of the steel when you go through all of these shortcomings, is it charitable it? Her school was later dubbed. In parkinsonism, reid did mostly answer all of their services, and had just checked any story for the natural episode. Throughout mostly 1996 vote collaborated with wagon software to help create the degree and international levels to the association prank woman government quake. When moving the party also and again the medications addition would catch on haulage. This came after over a prince georges county public schools background check of negotiating with the industry including demonstrations among massive paralegals to help advertise the era. Services with a information degree of other verse are at higher mosquito.
Also you can get criminal background check in any of the following counties:Monthly Archives: December 2016
The<<
A Lincoln Dealership near Lafayette, LA Features the 2017 Lincoln Continental: A Real Crowd Pleaser
The 2017 Lincoln Continental has been designed with many interior upgrades that are making people fall in love with it. This luxurious sedan not only comes with a twin-turbocharged 3.0-liter V6 rated at around 400 hp and 400 pound-feet of torque but many safety features to give you the peace of mind you deserve.
A Lincoln like no other in a long time, no expense was spared to revamp this model. The result has been nothing short of amazing as it offers an extremely comfortable ride that is quiet around town but packs a punch when you need to get up and go. Read more on this article:
L_2<<:
The:
L:
L_5<<
In addition, fuel efficiency is considerably improved, and the twin-turbocharged V6 engine injects plenty of thrills into this stately SUV. What you have is an instant classic, delivering delightful journeys for years to come. Read more on this article:
The:
Lincoln Dealerships near Pascagoula, MS Feature the 2017 MKC: A Lavish SUV Retreat
The 2017 Lincoln MKC is the crossover for drivers who want to arrive in style everywhere they go. Every aspect of this compact crossover SUV radiates luxury. The cabin exudes a sense of thoughtfulness where your every need is taken care of, from entertainment and comfort to convenience. In fact, this SUV is available with genuine leather and wood sourced from Scotland. Power is served by enhanced turbocharged engines. Steering and handling are finely-tuned, giving drivers a great time behind the wheel. Stepping it up a notch are the various advanced technologies that heighten the experience that the 2017 Lincoln MKC delivers. Read more on this article:
Lincoln Dealers near New Orleans Showcase the Finest in the 2016 Lincoln MKX
There is no other SUV that comes close to the 2016 Lincoln MKX. Impressive road handling and award-winning safety features come together in one luxurious and exciting package.
:
A_9<<Female eye makeup men - some men do not like make-up?
Opinion male stylists and ordinary men about women's makeup is radically different.Stylists believe that the most attractive looks and made up pomaded lady with false eyelashes, red lipstick, rouge and makeup "Smokey Eyes".But if we take into account the results of surveys from time to time carry out men's magazines, it turns out that the idea of female beauty in men are quite different.So whether we women chasing fashion, mindlessly follow the advice of stylists and makeup artists spend a lot of money on cosmetics?Or listen to what men say?At least learn the man's opinion will be interesting, and whether to take note of it - it's up to you of course.Thus, the female eye makeup men - do not like men in women's make-up?
Men look at women's makeup
Eyeshadow blue and blue
Just such colors recommend makeup artists for an evening make-up club-style "disco".But it turns out, men categorically do not accept these colors, calling eye
aggressive colors for makeup «smoky eyes»
As it turned out, makeup «smoky eyes» in bright, iridescent colors of men prefer to admire from afar and only on billboards, but not in real life.His chosen one as huge ink circles around the eyes, they do not want to see.Classic smoky «smoky eyes» with black decoration outside corners of the eyes, which are so fond of women, men do not like - the common makeup makes the woman into something mediocre, absurd, standard.
Makeup in the style of "vamp»
This makeup does not lend itself masculine understanding - of what a sweet young lady to do something violent, frightening, daubed in black and red?Red lipstick and black eyeliner is good for the theater stage, but what in life look so scary?It is unlikely that such a make-up is able to attract men, rather - and scare off guard.
Lipstick bright color, sticky lip gloss, lip liner
In the men's "black list" a lot of shades of lipstick, but perhaps the most surprising reaction was the red lipstick.Which only argument against this trend was not made - vulgar, old-fashioned, looks very unfeminine, is associated with the mother, and therefore do not want to kiss, tired scour traces of lipstick from the skin and shirt.We add that it is very fashionable this season neon shades of lipstick, too, did not deserve the favor of men.As well as lip gloss with a sticky consistency and pencils loop from which remains on the lips even when the lipstick was gone.
overhead and lush lashes
Fashion trend make-up in 2012 - false eyelashes.It is a favorite among makeup artists, but a normal part of the male population is not held in high esteem.The most innocuous definition of such a make-up - "burenkiny eyelashes" and "cow look", and some who speak more radically - "standard cheap brothel."Approximately the same attitude to the natural lashes coated with three layers of mascara.Of course, women can advance your argument - it is not all nature has awarded elegant eyelashes and mascara without makeup is not makeup.Here's what you can do to lashes look natural: use beam eyelashes of different lengths, then the transition from the inner corner of the eye to get a natural appearance.Mascara You may not be necessary.
eyebrows "thread" and thick eyebrows
Men's nature abhors extremes, and look nice because most girls who have the natural shape of the eyebrows.Men do not understand why you need to pluck her eyebrows, making them thin thread, a pencil and then try to draw that to pull out?Thick, thick eyebrows, too, cause negative feelings - they are good for the image of brutal men, for the image of the man-athlete, but not for girls.
«Bust" with foundation and powder
How joke men - "trying to hide minor problems, the woman all her face turns into a continuous problem."To some extent they are right - is that a layer of foundation and powder so tightly that the face looks like a mask.Better natural paleness and "native" pimples than a layer of plaster - this is the opinion of half of mankind.
Perfume with a sharp or heavy smell
This is a real headache for men.Feminist aromas with notes of tobacco, leather and other heavy odors annoy them, strong floral aromas and sickly-sweet smell of fruit they do not like, and even perfume should not resemble the one that was used by "ex", and yet - like the man himself.In general, if it is difficult to know what smells like your man, you'd better choose the fragrance together.
In the "black list" were false nails and tanning.About nails already written a lot - this is an attribute of female beauty for men at least a sense of caution, and at best - the desire to cut frightening manicure.As for tanning, the female body unnatural orange, and even with spots, nothing but disgust in men causes.
So it is not all that popular with women, will be enjoyed by both men and much of what we consider beautiful, fashionable and stylish men absolutely do not like."Tune" of women, many men simply can not tolerate, an abundance of cosmetics are not welcome, and in general - a man for that makeover was minimal, imperceptible.And if she can afford to do without make-up at all - it's just great!Do you suffer oily and wondering about ways to get rid of this condition? And by the way, what causes oily hair? Well, oily hair have wide range of causes but knowing these causes is key to defining the best product for oily hair. In our article today, we`ll discuss common causes and effective and faster natural remedies for oily hair and more
To begin our discussion, Oily hair can be infuriating, embarrassing and primarily annoying. Unsympathetically, oily hair is a common condition of remedies to use on oily hair.
Remember, having a certain level of oil on your scalp makes it free from susceptibility and is actually vital for your hair to remain at optimal conditions bearing in mind that too much use of oil on your hair can sprung more unfavorable complications.
Contents
- Causes of oily hair
- Is oily hair treatable?
- 10 Home remedies for oily hair
- More Tips to Prevent Oily Hair
- Final Thought on Greasy Hair
Causes of oily hair
Greasy hair can be due to numerous reasons. These causes range from our way of living in which this is easily evitable, medical conditions to wrong hair care product and more. Here we highlight the most common causes:
- Genetics: Many medical practitioners have it that, the cause of greasy hair is hereditary. It is connected to marked changes in sebum production due to high levels of hormones especially during puberty stages where hormonal fluctuations are at high rates.
- Untreated seborrheic dermatitis: This is a condition characterized by yellow, dry, flaky scalp and oily hair that is brought about by oil buildups on the scalp.
- Using shiny serums: Shine serums add more oil to your head than the natural system can produce. The oil thereafter accumulates at the roots forming bumps that translate to dandruffs.
- Hormonal fluctuations: Oily hair is related to hormonal changes that occur during puberty stage leading to excessive production of sebum and an increased level of androgen. This condition leaves the hair and scalp oilier than it is usually.
- Improper hair grooming: Another blame goes to poor hair grooming. Using abundance of hair care products on a single part of the scalp leads to lodgment hence oily hair. “You may be choosing stylish products that are not compatible with your hair,” [cosmopolitan.com]
- Picking wrong hair products: Low-priced hair products that contains unnecessary chemicals that may result your asking yourself whether oily hair treatable? The answer is definitely yes. Fortuitously, there’s a wide range of oily hair treatments and remedies you can embrace to heal your oily hair condition. They range from non-prescription drugs to home natural remedies to prescribed treatments.
Oily hair treatment-uperating the overall appearance of the skin.
What shampoo is good for oily hair- best shampoos for oil hair
If you have oily hair that decline to be treated, there`s is relief at hand. Your help today is the great clarifying shampoos on the market, actually the form perfect treatment for oily hair. But wait a minute, how will you know that certain shampoos are the best for your oily hair and at the same time there are so many of the shampoos for oily hair that seem to be striping the hair shafts of their natural moisture leaving hair jumbled when it’s wet and unruly when it’s dry? So, what is the way forward therefore? Well, talk to your dermatologist to advise you on how to define the best oily hair shampoo for your case. Here are the best 4 shampoos for treating oily hair:
1. Phyto Phytheol Oily Hair Purifying Shampoo
As outlandish as it may look, this type of greasy hair shampoo is devised for treatment of oily hair hair in future.
2. Leonor Greyl Paris Huile Germe De Ble Shampoo
Are you troubled by oily hair syndrome scalp? Then this shampoo might be what you are looking for. Utilizing this treatment in the right way gives your hair a shiny and marvelous appearance. It is rich with Vitamin A, E and has a deep cleansing ability that improves your hair vitality magically.
3. Maple Holistic Degrease Shampoo
Another good shampoo for oily hair is the Maple Holistic Degrease shampoo, it is a therapeutically resolution for oily, flaky and itchy scalps. Maple is aimed at utilizing natural components to control moisture contents in greasy hair besides balancing sebum secretion levels, stimulating renewal of hair follicles and furnishing your hair natural oils. This good shampoo for greasy hair. For application, shampoo your hair, slather Matrix Biolage to stay tangle and frizz free then rinse and dry. Instructions should be followed for excellent results
Remember, shampooing is not the only oily hair solutions, you may be shampooing regularly and accordingly but the oily hair condition may still persist, therefore how you shampoo oily hair will also matter. We have the following home remedies that can work where many shampoos or over the counter product may not seem to effective
10 Home remedies for oily hair
Why spend a lot on purchasing OTC products and prescribed treatments for oily hair yet you can apply these successful, cheap and readily available natural home remedies? May be you were not aware. Here are 10 best natural product the will provide quick and positive results with your oily hair.
1. Lavender rinse
This is a remedy targeted to promote leisure, relieve tension and aid restfulness. It has anti-bacterial property which helps it clear dandruff. Don’t forget about its softening property, it also bear softening properties that will supple your scalp skin. It will also make your hair to smell like your hair and ensure it soaks through completely.
- Leave it for a while and then rinse off with water.
2. Baking soda
Baking soda is a natural shampoo for oily hair, it is formulated to balance PH levels of the scalp due to its absorbing power and alkaline property and thus a great home remedy for oily hair. It as well reduces the foul smell that may result from greasy hair. For this:
- Mix a cup of baking soda with three cups of water to form a paste.
- Apply it on a damp hair and leave it for a while before washing it off with lukewarm water, this should be repeated twice a week.
3. Apple Cider Vinegar
This is an excellent natural products for many skins conditions including oily hair. I think as I speak, the entire world is aware of the benefits of ACV for health matters. It help in balancing the scalp pH and hair which is a good news for people suffering from oily hair and scalp. You may not like the smell but, believe it or not, this is among the best products for oily hair.
- for oily hair. Follow the remedy below to apply this treatment:
- Mix two egg yolks to treat oily hair:
- Prepare oatmeal and give it time to cool down.
- Apply an ungrudging amount of it on the scalp and leave it for ten to fifteen minutes
- Then you can rinse and shampoo you hair. contain on your scalp and leave it for around 5 minutes
- Rinse it off and the wash your hair using mild shampoo
- Repeat the procedure thrice in a week
8. Witch hazel
Are you stressed up and almost giving up on persistent oily hair?/best-oily-hair
- See the dramatic results of this product.
9. Aloe vera gel
This great herbs is perfect for treating oily hair and dandruff. It has minerals and crucial enzymes that get rid of impurities on the scalp while nurturing the hair follicles. Here is how to apply this remedy:
- Take a cup of mild shampoo and add a tablespoon of lemon juice and a tea spoon of fresh Aloe Vera Gel.
- Mix this well at store it in a fridge at cool temperatures.
- Shampoo your hair, oily hair being one of them. Thanks for its vitamins and minerals that usually promote healthy hair. It also Tips to Prevent Oily Hair on Greasy Hair
Grease hair may be temporary or may persist depending on the causes. If your hair oiliness persists despite the use of over the counter products and home remedies, then you must immediately see a physician for further advice and treatments. In such a cases, only the doctor can diagnose the chronic underlying medical condition if that is the reason for your oily hair..
References
- 31 Best Home Remedies for Oily & Greasy Hair:
- What Causes Greasy Hair: http: livestrong.com/100478-causes-oily-hair/
- What Causes Oily Scalp and Remedies: http:
- Topical treatment for oily hair:
- Oily Hair: How to Get Rid of The Oil:
- Greasy Hair-Causes and solutions: hairboutique.com/tips/tip1058.htm
- Causes and Solutions for oily hair: hairfinder.com/info/oily-hair.htm
- Top 10 Best Shampoos for Oily Hair:This position, in collaboration with the Supervisor and the Director of Corporate Quality and Health Outcomes, other executive leaders, directors, and managers of the organization, directs, initiates, integrates, and oversees a comprehensive patient safety (including infection control) program throughout the PMS Health Center System. The Patient Safety Coordinator serves as an expert resource on accreditation, regulatory compliance, and patient safety (including infection control) practices. Position may be based in Albuquerque or Santa Fe. Requires extensive travel throughout New Mexico.
EOE/AA/M/F/SO/Vet/Disability
• Graduate of an accredited school of nursing.
• Has completed a basic infection control course or is able to complete a basic infection course within first year of entering the position.
• Minimum of three years' experience as a Registered Nurse within a clinical setting.
• Has knowledge and experience in areas of patient care practices, microbiology, asepsis, disinfection/sterilization, adult education, infectious diseases, communication, program administration and epidemiology.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:
• License to practice as a Registered Nurse in New Mexico. Must have by date of hire and maintain current throughout employment.
• Certification in Infection Control preferred.
ContinueI have undoubtedly the most adorable, amazing, second cousin. We don’t talk much nor do we really stay in touch but she truly is on of a kind. Not only is she beautiful, fit, and smart but she has the most precious soul I have ever come in contact with.
She is always smiling. She walks in a room and everyone is instantly in a better mood. She has this glow about her, this aura that just radiates energy and love. Her eyes sparkle no matter who she is talking to. I have never heard a negative thing come out of her mouth. She is the most positive person I know.
She is a writer and a blogger as well. She always has the best post. They are so well written. Everyone can relate to her. She wrote about her parents once. It was the sweetest thing I have ever heard a grown person write about anyone they were related to. She had me in tears. Even if it is a sad topic she is always on the positive side of the conversation. She is the everything I am striving to be.
She carries herself so well and is so put together. She is at peace with herself and her life. She knows she can handle anything. She has an amazing boyfriend, great support group of friends, she knows herself and her passions. She is truly an amazing woman and I hope to someday be like her.
Every time we see each other she is the same positive ball of energy I remember. She is always interested in everything going on in my life and wants to know all the gory details. Best part is she really cares about it. You can see the genuine love and passion in her. She is truly the most genuine, passionate soul I have ever met.
I can only hope that I can someday light up a room with my presence like her. I hope to be the most positive person anyone has ever met like her. I hope that one of my cousins secretly writes a blog about me because of it. I hope that I can be at peace with myself and know my own self worth like her. I hope that I can be as fit and beautiful as her as well, but I think that comes with the inner peace part that she has.
Aly if this ever gets to you I hope it doesn’t embarrass you too much but I hope you know that you are one amazing women! Don’t ever change! Keep changing the world! I know you have changed the way I strive to live mine, and it is all because of you!
Love JessThe U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York just announced charges against 50 suspects for their roles in a “massive” marijuana trafficking ring that has funneled “ton-quantities” of pot from Florida and California to New York since 1990.
Prosecutors say the investigation — codenamed “Operation Green Venom” — used more than 20 wiretaps “to infiltrate drug trafficking crews that controlled the importation and distribution of marijuana throughout the greater New York City area.” The government says that since July 2008, it’s seized almost $2 million in marijuana proceeds and more than 360 pounds of marijuana in connection to the investigation.
Law enforcement agents arrested 45 of the charged defendants earlier today and they are expected to appear in Manhattan federal court later this afternoon. In his statement, Assistant U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said the arrests shut down “a major pipeline” for marijuana distribution in New York, and thanked his partners in the NYPD, DEA, and ICE for their work in the investigation.
According to the U.S. Attorney’s press release, government agents seized “over than $100,00 in cash, additional quantities of marijuana, three rifles, and a loaded handgun.”
Five of the suspects are still at-large.
[shernandez@villagevoice.com]Cherney Grass Biomass References
- Cherney, J.H., and V.K. Verma. 2013. Grass pellet quality index: A tool to evaluate suitability of grass pellets for small scale combustion systems. Applied Energy 103:679-684.
-.
- Cherney, J.H. 2012. Herbaceous biomass for heat. Carbon, Energy, and Climate Conference. Sept. 26-28, 2012, Kellogg Biological Station, North Central SARE.
- Nelson, C.J., D.D. Redfearn, and J.H. Cherney. 2012. Chapter 4. Forage Harvest Management. Pages 205-256. In (C.J. Nelson, ed.) Conservation Outcomes from Pastureland and Hayland Practices, Assessment, Recommendations, and Knowledge Gaps. Allen Press, Lawrence, KS.
-., J.H. Cherney, and E.C. Brummer. 2009. Biomass yield of naturalized populations and cultivars of reed canarygrass. Bioenerg. Res. 2:165-173.
-.
- Cherney, J.H., P. Woodbury, S. DeGloria, and D.J.R. Cherney. 2007. Bioenergy and dairy farming in NY. p. 147. In: (W. Alison, ed.) Proceedings of the 2007 Conf. of the American Forage & Grassland Council and Northeast Branch of the Crop, Soil and Agronomy Society of America, 24-26 June, 2007, State College, PA. AFGC, Elmhurst, IL.
-. Proc. XX Intl. Grassld. Congr. 26 June – 1 July 2005, Dublin, Ireland. (In Press).
- Cherney, J.H., P.B. Woodbury, and S.D. DeGloria. 2005. Grass bioenergy in the Northeastern USA. P.71. In: Proc. Third USDA Symposium on Greenhouse Gases & Carbon Sequestration in Agriculture and Forestry. 21-24 March, 2005. Baltimore, MD.
- Cherney, J.H., and D.J.R. Cherney. 2005. Agronomic response of cool-season grasses to low intensity harvest management and low potassium fertility. Agron., D.J.R. and J.H. Cherney. 2005. Forages: Grasses. Pages 417-420. In: (Pond, W.G., and A.W. Bell, ed.) Encyclopedia of Animal Science, Marcel Dekker, Inc., NY, NY.
-., K.D. Johnson, J.J. Volenec, and D.K. Greene. 1991. Biomass Potential of Selected Grass and Legume Crops. Energy Sources 13:283-292.
- Cherney, J.H. and D.L. Robinson. 1983. A comparison of plant digestion methods for identifying soil contamination of plant tissue by Ti Analysis. Agron. J. 75:145-147.This week in WebGL features compelling visualization, innovative rendering, and kick-ass physics!
BBC News is trying out WebGL as a new “3D Interactive” format for stories. Here is a visualization of a Dornier bomber (WWII German aircraft), apparently the last of its kind to be salvaged.
OpenStreetMap viewers seem to be all the rage these days. The [...]Uploaded by: Outersystem.us
Resolution: 1500 x 1500 jpeg 163kB
Uploaded at: 17/01/2018
Cheap Accent Chairs 50 is just about the image we ascertained on the internet from reliable creativeness. We constitute one mind to discourse this Cheap Accent Chairs 50 picture upon this webpage because predicated on conception via Google Image, Its one of the most notable reted inquiries keyword on Google articles, you would be served any pictures about Cheap Accent Chairs 50 gallery, as :
- Chairs 2017 Cheap Accent Chairs 50 New Catalog Accent Chairs 50 Dollars Cheap
- Accent Chairs 50 Inspirational Inmunoanalisis
- Unique Sears Accent Chairs Best Of Inmunoanalisis
- Chairs 2017 Cheap Accent Chairs 50 New Catalog Accent Chairs 50 Dollars Cheap
- Luxury Cheap Accent Chairs 50 Awesome Inmunoanalisis
- Cheap Accent Chairs 50 Home Design Ideas
- Chairs 2017 Cheap Accent Chairs 50 New Catalog Accent Chairs 50 Dollars Cheap
- Accent Chairs 50 Medium Size Of Chairliving Room Chairs Walmartcom Amazoncom Home U
- Chairs Astounding Living Room Armchairs Fabric Armchairs For Living Room Armchair Sale Chairs
- The Amazing Of Cheap Accent Chairs 100 For Your Best Choice Home Improvings
- Chairs 50 Awesome Image Of Accent Arm Chairs Walmart With Chairs 50 Living
- etc.
When you visiting this site, you are agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookies and privacy policy regarding all content and material we distribute.Friday, May 12, 2017
Day 2696
Today was like most days this week. There were high points and low points. The Cerenia pills definitely helped her sleep. There was no nausea last night and Dot slept comfortably all night. When Dot sleeps comfortably, we all sleep comfortably. I got more sleep last night than I have all week.
This morning, Dot wasn't hungry, but she did have energy. Luckily the weather was cool and we were able to take a nice walk to the edge of the park and sit in the grass for twenty minutes. I'd like to say that things got better and better, but Dot didn't have much of an appetite today. I had difficulty getting her to eat until very late in the day. When she did eat something around sunset, it wasn't enough to make up for the food she missed earlier in the day.
Every day is like this. Some days mornings are good. Other days, afternoons are better. Dot doesn't eat much, but the food she is eating now is nutritious and good quality. We do our best to make sure Dot is well hydrated and not starving herself. There are many small meals throughout the day. Dot eats when she wants and sleeps when she wants. If she heads toward the back gate, I take her on a short walk. I don't know how long she has left, but the goal is just to keep her happy, out of pain, and as well nourished as we can during her remaining days. It's not an easy job, but I feel that it is well worth the considerable effort it takes.
I didn't end up cooking this morning after all. I just didn't have the energy. I got some pancakes in a take-out box at a nearby restaurant and came home again. There were so many dog things to do this morning that it was almost noon before I got around to actually eating the pancakes. This is definately a work in progress. I'm still having problems keeping Dash from getting jealous when I'm feeding Dot. It's best if I do this while Dash is sleeping in the bedroom, but it doesn't always work out that way. Things need things to be calm and quiet while Dot is eating. If Dash starts barking, or swoops in to steal her food, progress usually stops.
I try to make a big deal about feeding Dash too, so he feels special. This has been partially successful, but dogs are dogs and Dash just isn't able to resist the sight of me sitting on the floor with Dot, surrounded with little plates of turkey, cheese, and other tasty food. Usually, if I can get Dot interested in food with something really tasty, she will then want me to hold her up so she can eat her regular kibble from her bowl. I'm counting on this, because it is the regular food she eats that is keeping her nourished.
My phone has been giving me problems lately. Almost every day I get an error message saying "No SIM card installed." Of course, there really is a SIM card and the phone works normally again once I turn it off and on again. It's just irritating. Today I thought I'd take the SIM card out and clean it. Hey, I've already tried everything else. I never realized that the SIM card was so small. I almost lost it when I popped open the tray and the little card fell on the floor. The SIM card is probably dirtier now than it was before, but the phone still works.
We're not going to give Dot a Cerenia pill tonight to see whether the nausea returns. In many ways it would be easier to just keep giving her the pills, but this is not a medication designed for long term use. We need to know what is causing the vomiting too. It might not be nausea at all. I hope that everyone sleeps well tonight and that the weekend is peaceful. We all need to recharge our batteries.Find Carpet Cleaners near you
Carpet Cleaners in Duxford
Finding the right carpet cleaning company in Duxford, Cambridgeshire can be a daunting process, thankfully using Bark to find the best carpet cleaning company in Duxford,uxford,uxford, Cambridgeshire, you have spoken with you can decide on one based on their quote and Bark reviews.
Bark’s service for finding upholstery cleaning quotes in Duxford,uxford,uxford, Cambridgeshire will use.
- Bonnet Cleaning - This is a popular method for commercial carpet cleaners in Duxford,<<
ABODES.Co
Abodes.Co team of rated tradesmen do guarantee that all your decorating, building and plumbing works are delivered on budget and on time, 7 days a week. Fixed quotes & all materials at trade price.
>>IMAGE<<
>_28<<_30<<
Formbys Cleaning Service
Cleaning company based in north essex. We service both domestic and commercial customers. Our website is:- Check out our services or give us a call Best wishes Aide
Red Carpet Treatment
_33<<_34<<_35<<<<
Acorn Contract Cleaning and Facilities Services Limited
Serving East Anglia and London Commercial Cleaning, Carpet Cleaning, Domestic Cleaning, Office Cleaning, Construction Cleaning, End of Tenancy Cleaning, PCS Cleaning, Strip and Polish Floors, Event Cleaning
<<
Carpet Care Wellingborough
><<
Jupiter
..........................
_44<<
K. General Service.A few nights ago, my husband and I were watching an episode of Dragon's Den, the Canadian version of Shark Tank, and a "social good" company was pitching their Haitian recycling program. It was a bad business concept poorly executed, but it didn't justify one of the Dragons' responses, paraphrased below:
You're going about this the wrong way! You don't create a social good business before you become profitable. You become profitable by whatever means necessary, and then you give back! That's how business works.
Now, I'll concede that there's something to the idea that a business needs to be successful in order for a positive end to be achieved. But her response is not an unusual one in the business community, and more often than not, the American Sharks who invest in social enterprises also buy this "the ends justifies the means" argument. Put another way, business people as a rule - and no thanks to Capitalism - prioritize profit over social good. If some money can be thrown at a few noble causes at the end of the line, that's great. But do what you have to do to thrive, even if that means exploitation.
In an apparent attempt to combat that mindset, there are now hundreds of startup brands on the "ethical" market that use buzzwords like social enterprise, one-for-one, and give-back to describe themselves. One would presume by the marketing that being charitable makes a company ethical, and I've seen many ethical bloggers and influencers tout these brands as such, even when there's very little data on their supply chain. But it begs the question: can a company really be ethical if workers are not provided a living wage, if they're not working in a safe environment, and if no attention is paid to the sustainability of raw materials?
While give-back brands market themselves around the social good, how much good are they actually achieving? And is it enough?
Charitable small businesses believe that they are doing something different by placing a cause front and center in their marketing. But, on a practical level, if their supply chain isn't in order, they may not be doing much more than a conventional business. They may be even worse.
After all, those big, nasty corporations their marketing subtly critiques do the same thing.
Large corporations have a history of giving back. GE matches employees' charitable giving, Johnson & Johnson recently pledged 1 million dollars towards improving air quality around the world, and, since 2006, the BP Foundation has donated more than 218 million dollars to community initiatives around the country. Even Walmart, through its Foundation, awards grants and scholarships, and donates money in $200,000 lump sums to all sorts of relief efforts and deserving programs.
Being charitable is not a new angle. You could probably make the case that it's actually an engrained component of American enterprise, as fundamental as having a business plan. Americans really love charitable giving. In fact, in 2015 alone individual citizens and American businesses gave $373.25 billion dollars to charity.
You can look at this from a couple of perspectives. On the one hand, it's really nice to know that these hugely profitable enterprises are designating at least some of their profits to charitable giving. It's certainly better than nothing, and for the recipients of these pledges, scholarships, and funds, it can be life changing.
But it also makes it awfully convenient for these companies to never address problems in their supply chain - or even company culture within corporate offices - because as long as they claim they're being responsible, they can practically get away with murder (but, more realistically, with gross negligence when it comes to their most vulnerable workers).
So, when a nicely branded "social enterprise" tells me they give back, I have questions.
Where are your raw materials sourced? Who makes your product? Where? What's the wage? Have you visited your supplier? How did you choose your supplier, and why?
If they can't answer these questions with relative ease, something's wrong.
It's not that charity is bad. Charity is very good, and comes from good human emotions like empathy, love, and maybe a bit of guilt. Charity is what's needed in times of crisis - in famine, tsunami, and war.
But charity is also a bandaid placed on broken systems.
Charities, by their nature, go where there is trouble. Uprising, corruption, colonialism, exploitation, bigotry, terror. No amount of external aid, even if given in love and good faith, can correct underlying systemic issues. Sometimes, charity makes things worse.
The documentary, Poverty Inc., explores the ways in which charity has become big business, delaying permanent infrastructure and job development. In Haiti, NGOs are often so poorly managed that money simply vanishes, given to inefficient subcontractors or wasted on lavish homes.
After an earthquake devastated Haiti in 2010, Americans donated tens of millions of dollars to relief efforts. Haitian communities were inundated with donated rice, forcing local rice farmers to compete with free product, running many of them out of business. Meanwhile, an onslaught of solar panel donations threatened local alternative energy businesses. Even if individuals were helped in the short term, the local economy was now dependent on foreign aid to keep it afloat. Not only is this unsustainable, it's unethical.
Change happens when marginalized communities are empowered to transform systems of oppression into systems of flourishing.
Social good brands must realize that there are limits to charity, and that building a charitable business model without attention to the ethics of their supply chain or the long term efficacy of the nonprofits they support is both irresponsible and dangerous.
The best possible world is one in which charity no longer needs to exist because people are able to provide for their families and their communities. It is a place where individuals are valued and not exploited. Where the root causes of injustice are addressed before they can spiral out of control.
Charity is only good now because it is necessary. But the world we should be working toward is one where people are far too important to ever be turned into charity cases, where we don't get to feel good about giving.
Where we get to claim that we're good only when we know that everyone is being treated as the sacred beings they are.
In the words of John Wesley:
Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you can. As long as ever you can.
So, businesses, by all means give to charity. But take it a step further by seriously scrutinizing your supply chain for the slightest sign of injustice and exploitation. Care about company culture. Care about the environment. Vet the charities you support. Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
I originally covered this topic on my post on One-for-Ones. I'm hoping to do another post distinguishing between charity as a virtue versus "charity, inc." soon.Those.
Visit our website at
Or Email us at mbroth1@verizon?
Joel
December 3rd, 2015
Reply
You're right about how experientiary fishing based on a lower cost is more relaxing. A friend of mine goes on fishing trips for sport quite often. I'll have to see if he's interested in this kind of thing. I'll send him the link. Thanks!
Your Name
Your Email (never published)
What is 2 + 2?
Yes, send me an email when a new comment is posted.
Coupons
Open Boats
Fishing Reports
Eateries
Fishing Tips
Boat Rentals
List Your Fishing Charter
List Your Bait & TackleBreaking Newsapocalypse soon
do you feel it, too?
the world is changing.
i just finished rereading this book i read ages ago, sometime in high school: girlfriend in a coma, by douglas coupland. back then i was more or less in the midst of constructing a personality; i think i was aiming for sort of indie-intellectual. i spent a lot of time alone in my dorm room, listening to belle & sebastian and mazzy star and reading books by gabriel garcia marquez and milan kundera. this construction was sort of separate from my actual life with my wonderful group of schoolfriends. i didn’t really feel like an integrated person until sometime in college, i guess. i think that’s probably the way it goes for a lot of people, especially sorta nerdy indie-intellectual types, haha.
anyway, i spent a lot of time on the internet reading online journals and looking at personal sites of the online indie-intellectual teenager elite, and i guess coupland’s name came up somewhere, and i thought i ought to read one of his books, and so i did. i remember liking the story well enough and feeling sort of bored and betrayed by the ending, which i dismissed as new age-y deus ex machina. basically, i didn’t get it. ’cause i didn’t feel it. maybe ’cause i wasn’t a whole person, yet, or maybe ’cause things are changing.
now i feel it (it’s not just me, i think. i see and hear these thoughts and fears and dreams in my friends, too…), and i’m gonna take a risk on this blog and talk about it. i am scared to write about it here, because i’m not even sure yet that i’m asking the right questions. but i want to make this blog a place where i feel okay writing about this stuff. so here goes.
i don’t know where to begin, exactly. i don’t remember when or why i put ishmael by daniel quinn on my library holds list, but i remember when i got tired of waiting for it and bought my own copy. i was talking with two of the women in the show i was stage managing in march, about improvisation and how learning how to improvise (in a theatrical context) is so important and useful for living and communicating and being with other human beings, because it teaches one to accept what the other offers, rather than rejecting it because it doesn’t mesh with one’s own perception of reality or the situation or whatever, or because it’s easier. and somehow ishmael came up, and one of the women said, oh i have read that book so many times. i have bought and given away so many copies. you should read it. so when i said goodnight to them, i walked to powell’s and i bought a copy, and i read it in a couple days during my breaks between shows.
i mean, fuck, it started way before that. last spring i started reading zines and thinking about anarchism, and the spring before that and the winter before that i was reading so much about feminism and radical mental health… starting to ask the questions i sure believed i’d been asking all along but hadn’t been, really, because the answers were hard. the answers demand action, and i was still in school. i loved school, and i grieved when i left it. school was part of my 22-year plan, and until i started year 23 i had no room for action. or for those questions.
i don’t know what action is or will be, for me. it was and is scary to exist without and beyond that 22-year plan. it could easily have grown into a Life Plan, but i am glad it hasn’t. my life is mine. it does not belong to a plan. it is mine to spend and invest as i choose and it is incredibly valuable.
despair, elation, joy, hope, love, love, love.
.
after i read ishmael i read story of b, also by daniel quinn. and i read a whole lot of stuff on the internet by people like derrick jensen and ran prieur, and i read other people’s thoughts about quinn and jensen and everything else in blog posts and online forums. i read novels by edward abbey and ursula le guin. i am still reading endgame: vol 1 by derrick jensen, and have been for about a month, ’cause that is one thick book and i’m a slow reader of nonfiction. i have dogeared it all to heck.
.
girlfriend in a coma is about the end of the world, sort of. i mean, the end of the world happens, in the book. and after it happens, someone who knows better gives the characters a plan b, and says to one of them, “Linus–the world is not going to end in your lifetime… That form of self-flattery is gone.” (oh i know; i promise that this is not about 2012; it is about irreversible climate change and disappearing species and monoculture and diminishing resources and waste. slowly or quickly, the earth is dying. it will die if we don’t stop it. it might die anyway.)
this person also tells them,
“The past year–if you’d have tried, you’d have seen even even fifty years ago–the world would have healed itself just fine in the absence of people. But not now. We crossed the line The only thing that can keep the planet running smoothly now is human free will forged into effort. Nothing else. That’s why the world has seemed so lrge in the past few years, and time so screwy. It’s because all melted together. Death isn’t an escape hatch the way it used to be.”
and then he tells them to question. that that is their new purpose: to ask, and to ensure that others are asking that also includes us? Ask: Having become human, what is it that we are now doing or creating that will transform us into whatever it is that we are slated to next become?
“Even if it means barking on street corners, that’s what you have to do, each time baying louder than before. You must testify. There is no other choice.
“What is destiny? Is there a difference between personal destiny and collective destiny? ‘I always knew I was going to be a movie star.’ ‘I always knew I was meant to murder.’ Is Destiny artificial? Is it unique to Man? Where did Destiny come from?“
and the characters react:
“We’ll go crazy!” …
“No. You’ll become clearer and clearer.”
“No–we’ll go totally effing crazy.”
“Haven’t you always known that…? At the base of all of your cynicism across the years, haven’t you always known that one day it was going to boil down into hard work? Haven’t you?”
this book is not overtly about the environment, about saving planet earth. it’s about saving souls, i think. which is about saving the earth. we have broken ourselves… to heal ourselves we need to love ourselves, and to love ourselves we need to love that which sustains us, and that which sustains us is the earth, and the love.
derrick jensen believes–and says he has never met a person who, when asked, answered differently–that “this culture will not undergo any sort of voluntary transformation to a sane and sustainable way of living” (endgame premise 6). he says that to hope for this transformation is to excuse oneself from personal action, that hope implies the possibility that someone else will take care of it or that it is out of one’s control, i.e. “i hope the weather’s not too bad,” “i hope so-and-so doesn’t hate me.” if you hope, you have no agency. “When we realize the degree of agency we actually do have, we no longer have to ‘hope’ at all… Hope may be fine–and adaptive–for prisoners, but free men and women don’t need it. Are you a prisoner, or are you free?”
.
i want to qualify what i said about saving souls, above. us humans, we are the best human animals we could ever be. we have beautiful souls. but we are taught by this culture to keep them in metaphorical tiny plastic cages, feeding them occasional scraps or junk food… maybe “rescuing souls” would be a better term to use, one that doesn’t imply sin or individual fault. what is wrong is the way we are living. so many people are unhappy and unfulfilled, or starving, or being killed. it is not just about rescuing salmon… it’s about rescuing us.
.
here are two “notes” i took when i was in the bay area in january. the first–
* thinking about people’s park and student movements and that a certain sense of “entitlement” for which liberal arts students are so often chastised is probably necessary for real change to occur–if we do not believe ourselves entitled to free happy lives (and a free happy community) why would we fight–or work or play or love if you prefer (i do)–for them?
ran prieur wrote the following about privilege, and it resonated with what i think i was trying to get at above–.
i am hesitant to include the above here, because questioning privilege is not exactly kosher in many communities i would like to be a part of, and insofar as the trappings of civilization are concerned, i’ve got it really good. but i think that recognizing and examining one’s own privilege is about recognizing and examining one’s assumptions and what one takes for granted that others may not be able to. here is one such assumption–that we can do any real work equalizing privilege and combatting oppression without recognizing, and combatting, the oppression inherent in our hierarchical culture (with corporations and government at the top and the land, the earth, at the bottom). i do disagree with prieur insofar as i believe that examining one’s privilege can be a really important part of (beginning to) understand(ing) one’s role–which can be very hard to see and understand from within that role–in this hierarchical culture.
and the second–
* ben’s friend ben, improvising lyrics to pedro’s guitar jamming: “if love was the answer, we wouldn’t be asking all these questions”
but you can’t destroy what you love. if people loved the earth they would not destroy it. if people loved themselves they would not destroy their hearts and minds and bodies. so maybe love is the answer, but only if we can destroy our self-hate.
.
all of this (and more) is changing me. i am asking a lot of questions. so far i am mostly asking them of myself. now i guess i am asking them of you, too.
i just updated to a new version of wordpress, so i can reply to this and (i think) it will be nested below your comment! hurrah!
anyway, i think love is a verb (and an action!) that means the opposite of destroy. if you are destroying the object of your love, you aren’t loving it. you’re lying to yourself or to the loved one/thing, or both. i think i was starting to figure this out before based on my own experience (with love, and with what i called love but was actually addiction), but what really solidified this for me was reading (though i didn’t finish it) bell hooks’ book, all about love, last spring.
by Elana
Interesting post. I think that it is not so simple to distinguish love from not-love (or destruction?) in practice, though in theory I do find your love/destruction dichotomy useful. I think that, for whatever reason, human beings are somewhat incapable of displaying pure, unabashed love towards one another all the time. I think that for practical reasons it is perfectly possible for people to love the earth and destroy it at the same time. What if they love something else more (or at least they love something more immediately) that is at odds with their love for the earth? For example, what if a person loves his/her family and the only way he/she can think of to express that love (because of cultural norms) is to buy them gifts which are manufactured to the detriment of the planet? Sure, one could argue that materialism is not a “true” expression of love, but what if the impulse comes out of a genuine and honest expression of love?
Something that I am increasingly attracted to is the idea that that the journey of life, or at least the idea of the “journey” that most appeals to me, is learning to appropriately love one another. This is a messy process, and often we will hurt those we love most (sometimes without even realizing it), but I do like the implications of this..
by elana
Thanks for the response, I see much more clearly what you’re getting at now and am inclined to agree with you.
by dorkas
i really like this entry. it leaves me really fascinated by what your definition of “love” is. because in my experience people *often* destroy what they love.Please help us to describe the issue so we can fix it asap.
Talaash
Video trailer
Images
Director
Cast
Synopsis
Talaash movie download full. Download full movie Talaash in HD for free. And watch Talaash movies online. Download HD Hindi Movies free. Providing Talaash movie download full link for free. High speed download. very High quality Flim. Just One Click Download with no any error.
A cop, investigating the mysterious death of a filmstar, meets a sex-worker, while he faces some personal problems psychologically. The mystery connects these people in a way, that ultimately changes their lives.
Movie Download File’s info:
File name : Talaash Full Hd movie download .MKV,Mp4,
Format of file : Mp4.
Movie size : Only 769 MB.
Movie qualities : Awesome qualities with Full HD resolution (High-definition).
Download link : Direct Movie download link (First time you have to sign up).
Talaash Full Hd Movie Free Download
Yes Talaash movie is completely free. Download or watch movie online anytime. Click Download button below to download Talaash movie. And click watch button below to watch this movie online Directly . We providing Fast watching link with no error. Our link very easier to movie download . You need to sign up first time to download full hd movie.
Search terms : Talaash full HD movie download free. Download Talaash . Full HD movie download. Hd Movies Download . Hd movie download. Full HD movie download . Free movies online. download movies
Talaash movie download full – HD movies free download in Hmoviesite.comHello guys and girls
I have never split or rebuilt any split rims before so I want to give it a shot.
So I have some 2 piece 18" BBS LM095 that I would like to rebuild as the dishes have slight clouding on laquer.
I have a few questions and hope you can help.
Question 1: Can I reuse my original bolts or will I need to buy new replacements?
Question 2: What torque setting and order do I need to put bolts back in and if required what sealer do I want to use for best application?
Question 3: If I decide to have the wheel or dishes powder coated will it still fit back together as I know on some 2/3 piece wheels powder coating may not work?
Thanks in advance
TazUse anticipation in a sentence
- I was filled with impatience, anticipation, yes, with anxiety concerning the adventure that was now so imminent; with wavering doubts. [9]
- You were a widow in anticipation. [12]
- The terror with which it had once inspired him was gone, or lingered only in the form of a delicious sense of uncertainty and anticipation. [9]
- The experience was utterly unlike my anticipation. [9]
- It was his springy step, his athletic figure, and, as he came nearer, the joyous anticipation in his face. [4]
- The invitations were sent out before sunset, and straightway the young folks of the village were thrown into a fever of preparation and pleasurable anticipation. [5]
- He worked this scene up till he got his house in a burning fever of excitement and anticipation, then came his climax. [5]
- The excitement of rigging up the tackle, digging the bait, and the anticipation of great luck! [4]
- The contents, indeed, our heroine had not found uninteresting, and she turned now to the subject with a flutter of anticipation. [9]
- But the anticipation of seeing her imperial lover again dominated every thought and feeling. [10]
- He had quickness of anticipation. [11]
- The past should not cloud the glad anticipation of brighter days! [10]
- I can assign no good reason for this anticipation. [6]
- She seemed to Lord Mallow like one who had perfect control of herself, and was not the victim of anticipation. [11]
- The anticipation of life is eternal. [4]
- Here was something in her life that was her own, a secret, a hope, and yet a tremulous anticipation to be guarded almost from herself. [4]
- Her vain little heart laughed in anticipation of the delight of being seen, praised and admired by all. [10]
- There is no happiness like the anticipation of pleasure begot by such a morning. [4]
- For months I had looked forward with anticipation and impatience to my wedding-day. [9]
- It is a green anticipation. [4]
- Whether it was from respect, envy, or anticipation, he did not know. [2]
- After all his frightened anticipation the great moment had come and gone without tragedy. [11]
- Anticipation that the failure of the Petersburg Berezina plan would be attributed to Kutuzov led to dissatisfaction, contempt, and ridicule, more and more strongly expressed. [2]
- I think we enjoyed the holiday in anticipation quite as much as we did when we had won it. [4]
- But even in August one thought, one joyous anticipation, filled every heart. [10]
- He suffers in anticipation. [4]
- I sat down and wrote one, in a fever of hopeful anticipation. [5]
- They started; and all the way my mother was young again with excitement, interest, eagerness, anticipation. [5]
- We were all a good deal excited by the anticipation of this visit. [6]
This page helps answer: how do I use the word anticipation in a sentence? How do you use anticipation in a sentence? Can you give me a sentence for the word anticipation? It may also be related to teach preschools, primary education elementary, find a school, educational, and words starting with.
Example sentences with the word anticipation, a sentence example for anticipation, and anticipation in sample sentence.American Chestnut tree (pure - not hybridiized). Winter hardy to -30 F.
You need at least 2 trees to produce nuts. Seedling will start producing
chestnuts in as soon as 5 years to more than 10 years.
American chestnut trees can grow to 80 feet tall and 40 feet wide. Can live for hundreds of years. Requires full sunlight to produce nuts. (Availability - Jan to April 2017)
Pedigree: Castanea dentata
Origin: North America
Chestnut blight susceptible: Yes
Bloom time: Late season
Median female flowers per blooming branch: 3
Maximum female flowers per blooming branch: 7
Tree growth habit: fast growing upright
Harvest: Late season
Nut per lb: 32 - 50
Nuts per burr: Usually 3
Production: Varies from year to year
Pellicle: Varies based on growing condition
Split kernels: Some
Pollen: Good pollinator
Cold Hardy: -25F
American Chestnut Tree < 3 ft
- Product Code: T108
- Availability: In Stock
$9.50
Tags: American, Chestnut treeTwitter,?
